<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>Base File Server Protocols Scenario</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="Base File Server Protocols Scenario"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="Base File Server Protocols Scenario"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="00572077-465b-4f46-9ef9-2af6191713a1"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="00572077-465b-4f46-9ef9-2af6191713a1"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="Base File Server Protocols Scenario" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">Base File Server Protocols Scenario</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p>Protocols used to provide basic file service operations to
other Windows client and server computers on a network.</p>

<table>
 <tr>
  <th>
  <p><b>Specification</b></p>
  </th>
  <th>
  <p><b>Description</b></p>
  </th>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-BRWS]: Common Internet File System (CIFS)
  Browser Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Common Internet File System (CIFS) Browser
  Protocol, which updates all backup browser servers with the contents of the
  response to a NetServerEnum2 request and shares the processing load of
  enumerating the services available in the network across different servers.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-BRWSA]: Common Internet File System (CIFS)
  Browser Auxiliary Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Common Internet File System (CIFS)
  Browser Auxiliary Protocol, which is used by the master browser server to
  query configuration information for the domains from the domain master
  browser server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-CIFS]: Common Internet File System (CIFS)
  Protocol</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Common Internet File System (CIFS)
  Protocol, a cross-platform, transport-independent protocol that provides a
  mechanism for client systems to use file and print services made available by
  server systems over a network.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-DLTCS]: Distributed Link Tracking Central Store
  Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Distributed Link Tracking Central
  Store Protocol, which defines how the Active Directory objects are defined,
  updated, and interpreted. [MS-DLTCS] works with the Distributed Link Tracking
  (DLT) Workstation Protocol and the DLT Central Manager Protocol ([MS-DLTM]),
  the two other protocols that make up Distributed Link Tracking.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-DLTM]: Distributed Link Tracking: Central
  Manager Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Distributed Link Tracking: Central
  Manager Protocol, which works with the Distributed Link Tracking (DLT)
  Workstation Protocol to discover the new location of a file that has moved.
  DLT can determine whether the file has moved on a mass-storage device, within
  a computer, or between computers in a network. The DLT Central Manager
  Protocol keeps track of file and volume moves and other relevant information
  from participating computers in order to provide this information in response
  to workstation queries.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-DLTW]: Distributed Link Tracking: Workstation
  Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Distributed Link Tracking: Workstation
  Protocol, which works with the Distributed Link Tracking (DLT) Central
  Manager Protocol to discover the new location of a file that has moved. DLT
  can determine whether the file has moved on a mass-storage device, within a
  computer, or between computers in a network.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-DMRP]: Disk Management Remote Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Disk Management Remote Protocol
  Specification, a set of Distributed Component Object Model (DCOM) interfaces
  that manages storage objects on a machine.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-EFSR]: Encrypting File System Remote (EFSRPC)
  Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Encrypting File System Remote (EFSRPC)
  Protocol, which performs maintenance and management operations on encrypted
  data that is stored remotely and accessed over a network.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-FPSE]: FrontPage Server Extensions Remote
  Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the FrontPage Server Extensions Remote
  Protocol, which describes a set of server extensions that can be used to
  augment a basic HTTP server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-FSA]: File System Algorithms </p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies File System Algorithms in terms of an
  abstract model for how an object store can be implemented to support the
  Server Message Block (SMB) Version 1.0 Protocol [MS-SMB] and the Server
  Message Block (SMB) Version 2.0 Protocol [MS-SMB2].</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-FSCC]: File System Control Codes</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the File System Control Codes that define
  the network format of native Windows structures that may be used within other
  protocols.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-FSRVP]: File Server Remote VSS Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the File Server Remote VSS Protocol, an
  RPC-based protocol used for creating shadow copies of file shares on a remote
  computer, and for facilitating backup applications in performing
  application-consistent backup and restore of data on SMB2 shares.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-MAIL]: Remote Mailslot Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Remote Mailslot Protocol. This
  protocol is a simple, nonsecure, and unidirectional interprocess
  communications (IPC) protocol between a client and server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-MCIS]: Content Indexing Services Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Content Indexing Services Protocol,
  which enables a client to communicate with a server hosting an indexing
  service to issue queries.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-RAP]: Remote Administration Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Microsoft Remote Administration
  Protocol (RAP), which Microsoft LAN Manager uses to perform remote
  administrative functions and is included in the Microsoft Windows operating
  system for compatibility reasons.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-RSMP]: Removable Storage Manager (RSM) Remote
  Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Removable Storage Manager (RSM) Remote
  Protocol, a set of distributed component object model (DCOM) interfaces for
  applications to manage robotic changers, media libraries, and tape drives.
  This protocol deals with detailed low-level operating system and storage
  concepts.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-SMB]: Server Message Block (SMB) Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Server Message Block (SMB) Protocol,
  which defines extensions to the existing Common Internet File System (CIFS)
  specification that have been implemented by Microsoft since the publication
  of the [CIFS] specification.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-SRVS]: Server Service Remote Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Server Service Remote Protocol, which
  remotely enables file and printer sharing and named pipe access to the server
  through the Server Message Block Protocol.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-TDS]: Tabular Data Stream Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Tabular Data Stream Protocol, which
  facilitates interaction with a database server and provides for
  authentication and channel encryption negotiation; specification of requests
  in SQL (including Bulk Insert); invocation of a stored procedure, also known
  as a Remote Procedure Call (RPC); returning of data; and Transaction Manager
  Requests. It is an application layer request/response protocol.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-VDS]: Virtual Disk Service (VDS) Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Virtual Disk Service (VDS) Protocol, a
  set of distributed component object model (DCOM) interfaces for managing the
  configuration of disk storage.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WSMV]: Web Services Management Protocol
  Extensions for Windows Vista</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Web Services Management Protocol
  Extensions for Windows Vista, which provides Windows Vista extensions to the
  WS-Management Protocol, the WS-Management Binding Specification, and the
  WS-CIM Mapping Specification for accessing CIM objects as a Web service.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WSP]: Windows Search Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Windows Search Protocol (WSP), which
  enables a client to communicate with a server hosting a Windows Search
  service (WSS) to issue queries.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WSSFO]: Windows SharePoint Services (WSS): File
  Operations Database Communications Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Windows SharePoint Services (WSS):
  File Operations Database Communications Protocol. This protocol defines
  communication sequences used by Web Front End (WFE) and application servers
  to perform data query and update commands on Back End Database Servers (BEDS)
  as part of file, user, and group administration operations.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WSSFO2]: Windows SharePoint Services (WSS): File
  Operations Database Communications Version 2 Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Windows SharePoint Services (WSS):
  File Operations Database Communications Version 2 Protocol. This protocol
  allows the communication sequences used by front-end Web servers to perform
  data query and update commands on back-end database servers as part of file,
  user, and group administration operations.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WSSFO3]: Windows SharePoint Services (WSS): File
  Operations Database Communications Version 3 Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Windows SharePoint Services (WSS):
  File Operations Database Communications Protocol. This protocol provides communication
  sequences used by front-end web servers to perform data query and update
  commands on back-end database servers as part of file, user, and group
  administration operations.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WSSFOB]: Windows SharePoint Services (WSS): File
  Operations Database Communications Base Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Windows SharePoint Services (WSS):
  File Operations Database Communications Base Protocol. This protocol allows
  the communication sequences used by front-end Web servers to perform data
  query and update commands on back-end database servers as part of file, user,
  and group administration operations.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p> </p>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>