<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>Kerberos Group Membership Protocols Scenario</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="Kerberos Group Membership Protocols Scenario"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="Kerberos Group Membership Protocols Scenario"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="16761d99-3bd5-4c93-967e-d4b2cacc5fe5"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="16761d99-3bd5-4c93-967e-d4b2cacc5fe5"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="Kerberos Group Membership Protocols Scenario" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">Kerberos Group Membership Protocols Scenario</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p>Describes the structure of AD group membership authorization
data carried in the field of a Kerberos ticket for use by servers in performing
access control.</p>

<table>
 <tr>
  <th>
  <p><b>Specification</b></p>
  </th>
  <th>
  <p><b>Description</b></p>
  </th>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-CTA]: Claims Transformation Algorithm</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Claims Transformation Algorithm (CTA),
  which consists of two components: a grammar describing a transformation rules
  language and an algorithm for transforming input claims into output claims. A
  claim is an assertion about a user identity in the form of a name-value
  tuple. Sets of claims are transformed from sending authority formats to
  receiving authority formats at authentication trust traversal boundaries.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-GPCAP]: Group Policy: Central Access Policies
  Protocol Extension</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Group Policy: Central Access Policies
  Extension, which provides the means of configuring central access policies
  that are applied to Group Policy client computer resources for authorization
  purposes.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-KILE]: Kerberos Protocol Extensions</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Microsoft implementation of the
  Kerberos Protocol Extensions, as specified in [RFC4120], by specifying any
  Windows behaviors that differ from the Kerberos Protocol, in addition to
  Windows extensions for interactive logon and the inclusion of authorization
  information expressed as group memberships and related information.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-PAC]: Privilege Attribute Certificate Data
  Structure</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Privilege Attribute Certificate Data
  Structure, which is used to encode authorization information. The Privilege
  Attribute Certificate also contains memberships, additional credential
  information, profile and policy information, and supporting security
  metadata.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-RAA]: Remote Authorization API Protocol</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Remote Authorization API Protocol,
  which is used to perform “what-if” authorization queries on remote computers.
  It allows applications to simulate an access control decision that would be
  made when a principal attempts to access a remote resource protected with an
  authorization policy.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-SFU]: Kerberos Protocol Extensions: Service for
  User and Constrained Delegation Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Kerberos Protocol Extensions: Service
  for User and Constrained Delegation Protocol, which are two extensions to the
  Kerberos protocol as developed by Microsoft. These two extensions,
  collectively known as Service for User (S4U), enable an application service
  to obtain a Kerberos service ticket on behalf of a user.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p> </p>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>