<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>ONE-TIME FLAT FEE (UNIFORM PRICING) PROTOCOLS</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="ONE-TIME FLAT FEE (UNIFORM PRICING) PROTOCOLS"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="ONE-TIME FLAT FEE (UNIFORM PRICING) PROTOCOLS"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="178b011c-a5bd-41f3-b87b-623abe63caa9"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="178b011c-a5bd-41f3-b87b-623abe63caa9"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="ONE-TIME FLAT FEE (UNIFORM PRICING) PROTOCOLS" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">ONE-TIME FLAT FEE (UNIFORM PRICING) PROTOCOLS</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p> </p>

<table>
 <tr>
  <th>
  <p><b>Specification</b></p>
  </th>
  <th>
  <p><b>Description</b></p>
  </th>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-CHAP]: Extensible Authentication Protocol Method
  for Microsoft Challenge Handshake Authentication Protocol (CHAP)
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Extensible Authentication Protocol
  Method for Microsoft Challenge Handshake Authentication Protocol (CHAP). This
  protocol enables extensible authentication for network access.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-CIFS]: Common Internet File System (CIFS)
  Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Common Internet File System (CIFS)
  Protocol, a cross-platform, transport-independent protocol that provides a
  mechanism for client systems to use file and print services made available by
  server systems over a network.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-DMRP]: Disk Management Remote Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Disk Management Remote Protocol
  Specification, a set of Distributed Component Object Model (DCOM) interfaces
  that manages storage objects on a machine.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-DSSP]: Directory Services Setup Remote Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Directory Services Setup Remote
  Protocol, which exposes an RPC interface that a client can call to obtain
  domain-related computer state and configuration information.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-SNTP]: Network Time Protocol (NTP)
  Authentication Extensions</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Network Time Protocol (NTP)
  Authentication Extensions, which is an authentication extension to the
  Network Time Protocol (NTP) version 3 ([RFC1305]) and the Simple Network Time
  Protocol (SNTP) version 4 ([RFC2030]).</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-SRPL]: Directory Replication Service (DRS)
  Protocol Extensions for SMTP</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Directory Replication Service (DRS)
  Protocol Extensions for SMTP. These are extensions to the DRS Protocol for
  transport over the Simple Mail Transfer Protocol (SMTP), which provide an
  alternate transport for the DRS protocol that may allow domain controllers to
  perform replication in environments where the RPC transport mechanism is
  unsuitable.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-SRVS]: Server Service Remote Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Server Service Remote Protocol, which
  remotely enables file and printer sharing and named pipe access to the server
  through the Server Message Block Protocol.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-UNMP]: User Name Mapping Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the User Name Mapping Protocol, which maps
  Windows domain user and group account names to the POSIX user and group
  identifiers used in AUTH_UNIX authentication, and vice versa. This enables
  the association of user names for users who have different identities in
  Windows-based and UNIX-based domains.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-W32T]: W32Time Remote Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the W32Time Remote Protocol, which is used
  for controlling and monitoring a time service on a machine. This RPC
  interface supports time services that synchronize time using the Network Time
  Protocol (NTP) Version 3, as specified in [RFC1305], as well as
  platform-specific hardware time sources.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p> </p>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>