<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>Group Policy Server Protocols Scenario</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="Group Policy Server Protocols Scenario"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="Group Policy Server Protocols Scenario"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="17c3c984-fe7c-4b66-93e7-21288a40bf24"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="17c3c984-fe7c-4b66-93e7-21288a40bf24"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="Group Policy Server Protocols Scenario" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">Group Policy Server Protocols Scenario</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p>Protocols used to enable machine and user policy and configuration
management to Windows clients and servers.</p>

<table>
 <tr>
  <th>
  <p><b>Specification</b></p>
  </th>
  <th>
  <p><b>Description</b></p>
  </th>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-GPAC]: Group Policy: Audit Configuration
  Extension</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Group Policy: Audit Configuration
  Extension, which provides a mechanism for an administrator to control audit
  policies on clients.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-GPCAP]: Group Policy: Central Access Policies
  Protocol Extension</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Group Policy: Central Access Policies
  Extension, which provides the means of configuring central access policies
  that are applied to Group Policy client computer resources for authorization
  purposes.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-GPDPC]: Group Policy: Deployed Printer
  Connections Extension</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Group Policy: Deployed Printer
  Connections Extension, which supports the use of preconfigured collections of
  shared printer connections.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-GPEF]: Group Policy: Encrypting File System
  Extension</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Group Policy: Encrypting File System
  Extension, which uses the Microsoft Group Policy Protocol to enable remote
  administrative configuration of the Encrypting File System.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-GPFR]: Group Policy: Folder Redirection Protocol
  Extension</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Group Policy: Folder Redirection
  Protocol Extension, which provides a mechanism to relocate specific user
  folders to server disk volumes. The protocol extension describes how file
  system access requests to a user's folders are automatically redirected to a
  newly created folder for each user.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-GPIE]: Group Policy: Internet Explorer
  Maintenance Extension</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Group Policy: Internet Explorer
  Maintenance Extension, which enables administrators to apply custom settings
  to the Internet Explorer configuration on one or more computers to enforce
  Internet-related security standards and provide a common browser interface
  within the organization.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-GPIPSEC]: Group Policy: IP Security (IPsec)
  Protocol Extension</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the IP Security (IPSec) Protocol Extension
  to the Group Policy: Core Protocol. This extension enables administrators to
  arbitrarily instruct large groups of client machines to configure their local
  IPsec/IKE components to provide basic IP traffic filtering, IP data
  integrity, and (optionally) IP data encryption.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-GPOL]: Group Policy: Core Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Group Policy: Core Protocol, which
  enables clients to discover and retrieve policy settings that administrators
  of a domain create.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-GPPREF]: Group Policy: Preferences Extension
  Data Structure</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Group Policy: Preferences Extension.
  This extension to the Group Policy: Core Protocol provides a mechanism to
  manage and deploy policy preferences.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-GPREG]: Group Policy: Registry Extension
  Encoding</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Group Policy: Registry Extension
  Encoding, an extension to the Group Policy: Core Protocol. This mechanism
  enables an administrator to control any behavior on a client that depends on
  registry-based settings.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-GPSB]: Group Policy: Security Protocol Extension</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Group Policy: Security Protocol
  Extension, which is an extension to the Group Policy: Core Protocol. This
  extension enables security policies to be distributed to multiple client
  systems, so these systems can enact the policies in accordance with the
  intentions of the administrator.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-GPSCR]: Group Policy: Scripts Extension Encoding</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Group Policy: Scripts Extension Encoding,
  an extension to the Group Policy: Core Protocol that provides a mechanism for
  an administrator to instruct an arbitrarily large group of clients to execute
  administrator-specified code at computer startup, computer shutdown, user
  logon, and user logoff.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-GPSI]: Group Policy: Software Installation
  Protocol Extension</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Group Policy: Software Installation
  Protocol Extension, which enables an administrator to install and remove
  software applications on client computers.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-GPWL]: Group Policy: Wireless/Wired Protocol
  Extension</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Group Policy: Wireless/Wired Protocol
  Extension, an extension to the Group Policy: Core Protocol that specifies the
  behaviors of the Wireless/Wired Group Policy administrative-side and
  client-side plug-in extensions.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p> </p>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>