<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>Multi-Factor Authentication and Certificate Server Protocols Scenario</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="Multi-Factor Authentication and Certificate Server Protocols Scenario"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="Multi-Factor Authentication and Certificate Server Protocols Scenario"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="18698b92-71b7-4d42-ac51-00f432a66b91"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="18698b92-71b7-4d42-ac51-00f432a66b91"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="Multi-Factor Authentication and Certificate Server Protocols Scenario" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">Multi-Factor Authentication and Certificate Server Protocols Scenario</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p>Protocols used to enable strong authentication methods and
simplified public key infrastructure deployment to Windows clients and servers.</p>

<table>
 <tr>
  <th>
  <p><b>Specification</b></p>
  </th>
  <th>
  <p><b>Description</b></p>
  </th>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-CRTD]: Certificate Templates Structure</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Certificate Templates Structure. This
  structure describes the syntax and interpretation of certificate templates,
  which forms the basis of certificate management for the Certificate Templates
  Protocol.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-CSRA]: Certificate Services Remote
  Administration Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Certificate Services Remote
  Administration Protocol, which consists of a set of Distributed Component
  Object Model (DCOM) interfaces that enable administrative tools to configure
  the state and policy of a certification authority (CA) on a server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-CSSP]: Credential Security Support Provider
  (CredSSP) Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Credential Security Support Provider
  (CredSSP) Protocol, which enables an application to securely delegate a
  user's credentials from a client to a target server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-OCSP]: Online Certificate Status Protocol (OCSP)
  Extensions</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Online Certificate Status Protocol
  (OCSP) Extensions, which define the data that needs to be exchanged between
  an application that checks the status of a certificate and the responder that
  provides the status.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-RCMP]: Remote Certificate Mapping Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Remote Certificate Mapping Protocol,
  which enables servers to use a directory, database, or other technology to
  map the user's X.509 certificate to a security principal.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WCCE]: Windows Client Certificate Enrollment
  Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies a Microsoft protocol that consists of a
  set of DCOM interfaces that allow clients to request various services from a
  certification authority (CA). These services enable X.509 (as specified in
  [X509]) digital certificate enrollment, issuance, revocation, and property
  retrieval.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WSTEP]: WS-Trust X.509v3 Token Enrollment
  Extensions</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the WS-Trust Enrollment Extensions, also
  known as WSTEP. The protocol specification defines the message formats and
  server behavior for the purposes of certificate enrollment.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-XCEP]: X.509 Certificate Enrollment Policy
  Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the X.509 Certificate Enrollment Policy
  Protocol. This protocol defines the interactions between a requesting client
  and a responding server for the exchange of a certificate enrollment policy,
  which is the collection of certificate templates and certificate issuers
  available to the requestor for X.509 certificate enrollment.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p> </p>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>