<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>NETWORKING TRANSPORT TASK PROTOCOLS</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="NETWORKING TRANSPORT TASK PROTOCOLS"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="NETWORKING TRANSPORT TASK PROTOCOLS"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="2aa736a8-0727-4748-afe9-941120f3f4ae"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="2aa736a8-0727-4748-afe9-941120f3f4ae"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="NETWORKING TRANSPORT TASK PROTOCOLS" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">NETWORKING TRANSPORT TASK PROTOCOLS</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p> </p>

<table>
 <tr>
  <th>
  <p><b>Specification</b></p>
  </th>
  <th>
  <p><b>Description</b></p>
  </th>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-ADTG]: Remote Data Services (RDS) Transport
  Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Remote Data Services (RDS) Transport
  Protocol, a Microsoft protocol and an HTTP request/response protocol that
  facilitates remote method definition and invocation, method definitions for
  executing database commands and for synchronizing database results, and that
  defines a record format for encoding of database results.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-AIPS]: Authenticated Internet Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Authenticated Internet Protocol. This
  protocol supports a more generalized authentication exchange than the
  Internet Key Exchange Protocol and provides the optimizations in key exchange
  and policy discoverability.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-CHAP]: Extensible Authentication Protocol Method
  for Microsoft Challenge Handshake Authentication Protocol (CHAP)
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Extensible Authentication Protocol
  Method for Microsoft Challenge Handshake Authentication Protocol (CHAP). This
  protocol enables extensible authentication for network access.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-CTA]: Claims Transformation Algorithm</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Claims Transformation Algorithm (CTA),
  which consists of two components: a grammar describing a transformation rules
  language and an algorithm for transforming input claims into output claims. A
  claim is an assertion about a user identity in the form of a name-value
  tuple. Sets of claims are transformed from sending authority formats to receiving
  authority formats at authentication trust traversal boundaries.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-DCOM]: Distributed Component Object Model (DCOM)
  Remote Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Distributed Component Object Model
  (DCOM) Remote Protocol, which exposes application objects via remote
  procedure calls (RPCs) and consists of a set of extensions layered on the
  Microsoft Remote Procedure Call Extensions.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-DHCPE]: Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol
  (DHCP) Extensions</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol
  (DHCP), which describes the Microsoft specific vendor-class options included
  in the Microsoft implementation of DHCP.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-DHCPF]: DHCP Failover Protocol Extension</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the DHCP Failover Protocol Extension,
  which extends the DHCP Failover Protocol by encrypting messages sent between
  the servers in a failover relationship and by providing client implementation
  options.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-DNSP]: Domain Name Service (DNS) Server
  Management Protocol</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Domain Name Service (DNS) Server
  Management Protocol, which defines the RPC interfaces that provide methods
  for remotely accessing and administering a DNS server. It is a client and
  server protocol based on RPC that is used in the configuration, management,
  and monitoring of a DNS server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-DPWSRP]: Devices Profile for Web Services
  (DPWS): Shared Resource Publishing Data Structure</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the DPWS: Shared Resource Publishing data
  structure. This data structure is used by the HomeGroup Protocol to advertise
  shared files and folders in a HomeGroup peer-to-peer network environment.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-HNDS]: Host Name Data Structure Extension</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Host Name Data Structure Extension,
  which defines the allowable host names that may be assigned to a computer.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-ICPR]: ICertPassage Remote Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the ICertPassage Remote Protocol, a subset
  of the Windows Client Certificate Enrollment Protocol, as specified in
  [MS-WCCE]. This protocol only enables the client to enroll certificates,
  whereas [MS-WCCE] provides enrollment and additional functionality.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-IKEE]: Internet Key Exchange Protocol Extensions</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Internet Key Exchange (IKE) Protocol
  Extensions, which describe the extensions specified in [RFC2409].</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-IPHTTPS]: IP over HTTPS (IP-HTTPS) Tunneling
  Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the IP over HTTPS (IP-HTTPS) Tunneling
  Protocol, a mechanism to transport IPv6 packets on an HTTPS connection.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-KKDCP]: Kerberos Key Distribution Center (KDC)
  Proxy Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Kerberos Key Distribution Center (KDC)
  Proxy Protocol, which provides a mechanism for a client to use a KKDCP server
  to change passwords and securely obtain Kerberos service tickets from a
  Kerberos V5 server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-LLMNRP]: Link Local Multicast Name Resolution
  (LLMNR) Profile</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Link Local Multicast Name Resolution
  (LLMNR) Profile, which describes the differences between this profile and the
  one defined in [RFC4795].</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-MSRP]: Messenger Service Remote Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Messenger Service Remote Protocol, a
  set of RPC interfaces that instructs a server to display short text messages
  to a console user, to deliver messages to a local or remote server for
  display to a console user, and to manage the names for which the server
  receives messages.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-NBTE]: NetBIOS over TCP (NBT) Extensions</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the NetBIOS over TCP (NetBT) Extensions,
  as specified in [RFC1001] and [RFC1002]. These extensions modify the syntax
  of allowable NetBIOS names and the behavior of timers, and add support for
  multihomed hosts.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-OAUT]: OLE Automation Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the OLE Automation Protocol, which uses
  DCOM as its transport layer and provides support for an additional set of
  types as well as for a late-bound calling mechanism.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-PASS]: Passport Server Side Include (SSI) Version
  1.4 Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Passport Server Side Include (SSI)
  Version 1.4 Protocol, which describes how messages are encapsulated on the
  wire.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-PBSD]: Publication Services Data Structure</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Publication Services Data Structure.
  This structure describes the data that computers use to describe themselves
  and the resources they offer as Web services over IP-based networks.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-PCCRC]: Peer Content Caching and Retrieval:
  Content Identification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies Peer Content Caching and Retrieval:
  Content Identification, the content information format used by the Windows
  Branch Caching Framework to uniquely identify content for discovery and
  retrieval purposes.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-PCCRD]: Peer Content Caching and Retrieval
  Discovery Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Peer Content Caching and Retrieval
  Discovery Protocol, which is based on the Web Services Dynamic Discovery
  (WS-Discovery) protocol. It is a content caching and retrieval framework
  based on a peer-to-peer discovery and distribution model.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-PCCRR]: Peer Content Caching and Retrieval:
  Retrieval Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Peer Content Caching and Retrieval:
  Retrieval Protocol. This protocol defines two message exchanges, one for
  querying the server for the availability of certain content, and the other
  for retrieving content from a server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-PCCRTP]: Peer Content Caching and Retrieval:
  HTTP Extensions</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Peer Content Caching and Retrieval:
  HTTP Extensions, which implements a new type of content encoding, PeerDist,
  that can be used in HTTP/1.1. In particular, it specifies the mechanism used
  by an HTTP/1.1 client and an HTTP/1.1 server to communicate with each other
  by using the PeerDist content encoding.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-PCHC]: Peer Content Caching and Retrieval:
  Hosted Cache Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Peer Content Caching and Retrieval:
  Hosted Cache Protocol, which is used by clients to offer metadata to a hosted
  cache server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-PEAP]: Protected Extensible Authentication
  Protocol (PEAP) Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Protected Extensible Authentication
  Protocol (PEAP), which adds security services to the Extensible
  Authentication Protocol methods.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-PPGRH]: Peer-to-Peer Graphing Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Peer-to-Peer Graphing Protocol, which
  establishes and maintains a connected set of nodes (referred to as a graph)
  and replicates data among the nodes.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-PPSEC]: Peer-to-Peer Grouping Security Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Peer-to-Peer Grouping Security
  Protocol (P2P Grouping), which layers on top of the Peer-to-Peer Graphing
  Protocol [MS-PPGRH] and adds security and discovery services.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-PSDP]: Proximity Service Discovery Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Proximity Service Discovery Protocol,
  which conveys service discovery information, such as service advertisements,
  as part of Beacon frames, as specified in [IEEE802.11-2007].</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-RAA]: Remote Authorization API Protocol</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Remote Authorization API Protocol,
  which is used to perform “what-if” authorization queries on remote computers.
  It allows applications to simulate an access control decision that would be
  made when a principal attempts to access a remote resource protected with an
  authorization policy.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-SFU]: Kerberos Protocol Extensions: Service for
  User and Constrained Delegation Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Kerberos Protocol Extensions: Service
  for User and Constrained Delegation Protocol, which are two extensions to the
  Kerberos protocol as developed by Microsoft. These two extensions,
  collectively known as Service for User (S4U), enable an application service
  to obtain a Kerberos service ticket on behalf of a user.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-SNID]: Server Network Information Discovery
  Protocol</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Server Network Information Discovery
  Protocol, which defines a pair of request and response messages by which a
  protocol client can locate protocol servers within the broadcast/multicast
  scope. The client can then get network information (such as NetBIOS name,
  Internet Protocol version 4 (IPv4), and Internet Protocol version 6 (IPv6) addresses)
  of the servers.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-UNMP]: User Name Mapping Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the User Name Mapping Protocol, which maps
  Windows domain user and group account names to the POSIX user and group
  identifiers used in AUTH_UNIX authentication, and vice versa. This enables
  the association of user names for users who have different identities in
  Windows-based and UNIX-based domains.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-V4OF]: IPv4 Over IEEE 1394 Protocol Extensions</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the IPv4 Over IEEE 1394 Protocol
  Extension, which is the Microsoft extension to the IPv4 over IEEE 1394
  protocol to support bridging and clarifies the implementation details as
  specified in [RFC2734] where necessary.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WCFESAN]: WCF-Based Encrypted Server
  Administration and Notification Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the WCF-Based Encrypted Server
  Administration and Notification Protocol, which enables the protocol client
  to monitor and manage the protocol server in the same network.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WINSRA]: Windows Internet Naming Service (WINS)
  Replication and Autodiscovery Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Windows Internet Naming Service (WINS)
  Replication and Autodiscovery Protocol, the Microsoft implementation of
  NetBIOS Name Server (NBNS). This protocol supports resolution of NetBIOS
  names to IPv4 addresses.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WSPE]: WebSocket Protocol Extensions</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the WebSocket Protocol: Disable Masking
  Extension, which extends the WebSocket Protocol to improve performance by
  allowing developers to set a property to disable masking.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WSUSSS]: Windows Update Services: Server-Server
  Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Windows Update Services: Server-Server
  Protocol, which enables a hierarchically organized collection of servers to
  synchronize metadata and content associated with software updates over the
  Internet by using SOAP and HTTP protocols.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WUSP]: Windows Update Services: Client-Server
  Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Windows Update Services: Client-Server
  Protocol, which enables machines to discover and download software updates
  over the Internet using the SOAP and HTTP protocols.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-XCA]: Xpress Compression Algorithm</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the two variants of the Xpress Compression
  Algorithm, LZ77+Huffmann and plain LZ77, and their respective decompression
  algorithms. This algorithm efficiently compresses data that contains repeated
  byte sequences. It is not designed to compress image, audio, or video data.
  Between the trade-offs of compressed size and CPU cost, it heavily emphasizes
  low CPU cost.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p> </p>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>