<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>Domain Services Interaction Server Protocols Scenario</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="Domain Services Interaction Server Protocols Scenario"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="Domain Services Interaction Server Protocols Scenario"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="5f23e407-1908-4df3-85cc-2df86bef6054"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="5f23e407-1908-4df3-85cc-2df86bef6054"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="Domain Services Interaction Server Protocols Scenario" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">Domain Services Interaction Server Protocols Scenario</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p>Protocols used to enable member servers of Windows domains
to securely provide pass-through authentication to Windows clients and servers
seeking to access a service or application (such as a file server).</p>

<table>
 <tr>
  <th>
  <p><b>Specification</b></p>
  </th>
  <th>
  <p><b>Description</b></p>
  </th>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-ADA1]: Active Directory Schema Attributes A-L</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Active Directory Schema Attributes
  A-L, which contains a partial list of the objects that exist in the Active
  Directory schema (attributes beginning with the letters A through L).</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-ADA2]: Active Directory Schema Attributes M</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Active Directory Schema Attributes M,
  which contains a partial list of the objects that exist in the Active
  Directory schema (attributes beginning with the letter M).</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-ADA3]: Active Directory Schema Attributes N-Z</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Active Directory Schema Attributes
  N-Z, which contains a partial list of the objects that exist in the Active
  Directory schema (attributes beginning with the letters N through Z).</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-ADCAP]: Active Directory Web Services: Custom
  Action Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Active Directory Web Services: Custom
  Action Protocol, used for directory access in identity management and
  topology management. This protocol enables the transition of client
  applications that are currently using non–Web services protocols for managing
  information held in directory services to instead use Web services protocols.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-ADDM]: Active Directory Web Services: Data Model
  and Common Elements</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Active Directory Web Services: Data
  Model and Common Elements. This protocol contains an XML data model and other
  protocol components (such as the definition of an XPath 1.0–derived selection
  language) that are used in various protocols that belong to the set of Active
  Directory Web Services protocols.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-ADFSPP]: Active Directory Federation Service (AD
  FS) Proxy Protocol</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Federation Service Proxy Protocol,
  which is used by a security token service (STS) proxy to obtain configuration
  data about an STS in order to assist users in selecting an acceptable
  security realm from which to obtain a security token.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-ADFSWAP]: Active Directory Federation Service
  (AD FS) Web Agent Protocol</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Federation Service Web Agent Protocol,
  which is used by a Web service (WS) resource to obtain configuration data
  about a security token service (STS) in order to validate tokens from that
  STS using the protocol defined in [MS-MWBF].</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-ADLS]: Active Directory Lightweight Directory
  Services Schema</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Active Directory Lightweight Directory
  Services Schema, which contains a list of the objects that exist in the
  Active Directory Lightweight Directory Services schema.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-ADSC]: Active Directory Schema Classes</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Active Directory Schema Classes, which
  contains a partial list of objects that exist in the Active Directory schema.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-ADTS]: Active Directory Technical Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Active Directory Technical protocol.
  This protocol describes the state model for Active Directory.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-APDS]: Authentication Protocol Domain Support
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies Authentication Protocol Domain Support,
  which is the communication process between a server and a domain controller
  that uses Netlogon interfaces to complete an authentication sequence.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-BKRP]: BackupKey Remote Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies how to encrypt secret values (such as
  cryptographic keys), so they can be backed up to storage that is not
  specially protected, and how to decrypt such values in the event recovery is
  necessary.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-DSML]: Directory Services Markup Language (DSML)
  2.0 Protocol Extensions</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Directory Services Markup Language
  (DSML) 2.0 Protocol Extensions. The SOAP session extensions (SSE) make it
  possible to maintain state information across multiple request/response
  operations.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-KILE]: Kerberos Protocol Extensions</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Microsoft implementation of the
  Kerberos Protocol Extensions, as specified in [RFC4120], by specifying any
  Windows behaviors that differ from the Kerberos Protocol, in addition to
  Windows extensions for interactive logon and the inclusion of authorization
  information expressed as group memberships and related information.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-LSAD]: Local Security Authority (Domain Policy)
  Remote Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Local Security Authority (Domain
  Policy) Remote Protocol. It provides an RPC interface used for providing
  remote management for policy settings related to account objects, secret
  objects, trusted domain objects (TDOs), and other security-related policy
  settings.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-LSAT]: Local Security Authority (Translation
  Methods) Remote Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Local Security Authority (Translation
  Methods) Remote Protocol, which is implemented in Windows-based products to
  translate identifiers for security principal between human-readable and
  machine-readable forms.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-NNS]: .NET NegotiateStream Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the .NET NegotiateStream Protocol, which
  provides mutually authenticated and confidential communication over a TCP
  connection. It uses the Simple and Protected GSS-API Negotiation mechanism
  (SPNEGO) for security services (authentication, key derivation, and data
  encryption and decryption).</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-NRPC]: Netlogon Remote Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Netlogon Remote Protocol, a
  Microsoft-defined RPC interface that is used for user and machine
  authentication on domain-based networks; to replicate the user account
  database for operating systems earlier than Windows 2000 backup domain
  controllers; to maintain domain relationships from the members of a domain to
  the domain controller, among domain controllers for a domain, and between
  domain controllers across domains; and to discover and manage these
  relationships.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-PAC]: Privilege Attribute Certificate Data
  Structure</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Privilege Attribute Certificate Data
  Structure, which is used to encode authorization information. The Privilege
  Attribute Certificate also contains memberships, additional credential
  information, profile and policy information, and supporting security
  metadata.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-PKCA]: Public Key Cryptography for Initial
  Authentication (PKINIT) in Kerberos Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Public Key Cryptography for Initial
  Authentication (PKINIT) in Kerberos Protocol, which enables the use of public
  key cryptography in the initial authentication exchange of the Kerberos
  Protocol and specifies the Windows implementation of PKINIT where it differs
  from [RFC4556].</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-RCMP]: Remote Certificate Mapping Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Remote Certificate Mapping Protocol,
  which enables servers to use a directory, database, or other technology to
  map the user's X.509 certificate to a security principal.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-SAMR]: Security Account Manager (SAM) Remote
  Protocol Specification (Client-to-Server)</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Security Account Manager (SAM) Remote
  Protocol Specification (Client-to-Server), which supports printing and
  spooling operations that are synchronous between client and server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-SAMS]: Security Account Manager (SAM) Remote
  Protocol Specification (Server-to-Server)</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Security Account Manager (SAM) Remote
  Protocol Specification (Server-to-Server). Domain controllers (DCs) use this
  protocol to forward time-critical database changes to the primary domain
  controller (PDC), and to forward time-critical database changes from a
  read-only domain controller (RODC) to a writable NC replica within the same
  domain outside the normal replication protocol.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WCCE]: Windows Client Certificate Enrollment
  Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies a Microsoft protocol that consists of a
  set of DCOM interfaces that allow clients to request various services from a
  certification authority (CA). These services enable X.509 (as specified in
  [X509]) digital certificate enrollment, issuance, revocation, and property
  retrieval.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WCFESAN]: WCF-Based Encrypted Server
  Administration and Notification Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the WCF-Based Encrypted Server
  Administration and Notification Protocol, which enables the protocol client
  to monitor and manage the protocol server in the same network.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WKST]: Workstation Service Remote Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the WS-Enumeration Directory Services
  Protocol Extensions, a set of extensions to the Web Services Enumeration
  (WS-Enumeration) [WSENUM] protocol for facilitating SOAP-based search
  operations against directory servers.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WSDS]: WS-Enumeration: Directory Services
  Protocol Extensions</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the WS-Enumeration Directory Services
  Protocol Extensions, a set of extensions to the Web Services Enumeration
  (WS-Enumeration) [WSENUM] protocol for facilitating SOAP-based search
  operations against directory servers.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WSPELD]: WS-Transfer and WS-Enumeration Protocol
  Extension for Lightweight Directory Access Protocol v3 Controls Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the WS-Transfer: Lightweight Directory
  Access Protocol (LDAP) v3 Controls, also known as WSPELD. This protocol
  extends the Web Services Enumeration (WS-Enumeration) [WSENUM] and Web
  Services Transfer (WS-Transfer) [WXFR] protocols.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WSTIM]: WS-Transfer: Identity Management
  Operations for Directory Access Extensions</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the WS-Transfer: Identity Management
  Operations for Directory Access Extensions, a set of extensions to the
  WS-Transfer protocol [WXFR] for representing the protocol operations commonly
  used for directory access in identity management protocols.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p> </p>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>