<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>Systems and Systems Health Management Server Protocols Scenario</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="Systems and Systems Health Management Server Protocols Scenario"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="Systems and Systems Health Management Server Protocols Scenario"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="8ffce37b-6895-4b63-9421-2a712cdf705f"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="8ffce37b-6895-4b63-9421-2a712cdf705f"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="Systems and Systems Health Management Server Protocols Scenario" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">Systems and Systems Health Management Server Protocols Scenario</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p>Protocols used to enable centralized systems management and
configuration for Windows clients and servers.</p>

<table>
 <tr>
  <th>
  <p><b>Specification</b></p>
  </th>
  <th>
  <p><b>Description</b></p>
  </th>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MC-BUP]: Background Intelligent Transfer Service
  (BITS) Upload Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Background Intelligent Transfer
  Service (BITS) Upload Protocol, which is used to upload large entities from a
  client to a server over networks with frequent disconnections, and to send
  notifications from the server to a server application about the availability
  of the uploaded entities.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-BPAU]: Background Intelligent Transfer Service
  (BITS) Peer-Caching: Peer Authentication Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Background Intelligent Transfer
  Service (BITS) Peer-Caching: Peer Authentication Protocol. This protocol
  provides authentication for computers in an Active Directory domain in
  support of the BITS Peer-Caching Content Retrieval Protocol ([MS-BPCR]).</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-BPCR]: Background Intelligent Transfer Service
  (BITS) Peer-Caching: Content Retrieval Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Background Intelligent Transfer
  Service (BITS) Peer-Caching: Content Retrieval Protocol, which is one of the
  family of protocols that implements a distributed URL cache known as
  &quot;BITS peer-caching&quot;. Other protocols in the family are used to
  discover potential peers and to authenticate them.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-BPDP]: Background Intelligent Transfer Service
  (BITS) Peer-Caching: Peer Discovery Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Background Intelligent Transfer
  Service (BITS) Peer-Caching: Peer Discovery Protocol, which is used to locate
  hosts in a domain that supports the URL-caching protocol implemented by BITS.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-DMRP]: Disk Management Remote Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Disk Management Remote Protocol
  Specification, a set of Distributed Component Object Model (DCOM) interfaces
  that manages storage objects on a machine.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-DPWSSN]: Devices Profile for Web Services
  (DPWS): Size Negotiation Extension</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Devices Profile for Web Services
  (DPWS): Size Negotiation Extension. This is an extension to the Devices
  Profile for Web Services (DPWS) and enables the negotiation of message sizes
  between a client and a service for a specific message transaction.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-DSSP]: Directory Services Setup Remote Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Directory Services Setup Remote
  Protocol, which exposes an RPC interface that a client can call to obtain
  domain-related computer state and configuration information.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-HGRP]: HomeGroup Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the HomeGroup Protocol, which is used to
  create a trust relationship that facilitates the advertising and publishing
  of content between machines via a peer-to-peer (P2P) infrastructure.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-LWSSP]: Lightweight Web Services Security
  Profile</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Lightweight Web Services Security
  Profile. The profile specifies how to perform lightweight client
  authentication and security token exchange based on set of security-related
  Web services protocols.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-PBSD]: Publication Services Data Structure</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Publication Services Data Structure.
  This structure describes the data that computers use to describe themselves
  and the resources they offer as Web services over IP-based networks.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-RAIW]: Remote Administrative Interface: WINS
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Remote Administrative Interface: WINS
  protocol, which enables local or remote administration of the Windows
  Internet Name Service (WINS) within the Microsoft Management Console (MMC)
  WINS snap-in and the NetSh command line (WINS context).</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-RSMC]: Remote Session Monitoring and Control
  Protocol</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies and provides support for client machines
  to monitor and manage Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) sessions on a server
  machine. The protocol provides a set of web service APIs that are implemented
  as a SOAP-based protocol that uses Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) and
  Hypertext Transfer Protocol over Secure Sockets Layer (HTTPS) as its
  transport.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-RSMP]: Removable Storage Manager (RSM) Remote
  Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Removable Storage Manager (RSM) Remote
  Protocol, a set of distributed component object model (DCOM) interfaces for
  applications to manage robotic changers, media libraries, and tape drives.
  This protocol deals with detailed low-level operating system and storage
  concepts.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-RSP]: Remote Shutdown Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Remote Shutdown Protocol, which is
  designed for shutting down, or for terminating the shutdown, of a remote
  computer during the shutdown waiting period.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-SAMLPR]: Security Assertion Markup Language
  (SAML) Proxy Request Signing Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Security Assertion Markup Language
  (SAML) Proxy Request Signing Protocol, which allows proxy servers to perform
  operations that require knowledge of configured keys and other state
  information about federated sites known by the Security Token service server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-SCMR]: Service Control Manager Remote Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Service Control Manager Remote
  Protocol, which is used for remotely managing the Service Control Manager
  (SCM), an RPC server that enables service configuration and control of
  service programs.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-SRVS]: Server Service Remote Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Server Service Remote Protocol, which
  remotely enables file and printer sharing and named pipe access to the server
  through the Server Message Block Protocol.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-TSCH]: Task Scheduler Service Remoting Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Task Scheduler Service Remoting
  Protocol, which is used to register and configure a task and to inquire about
  the status of tasks that are running on a remote machine.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WMI]: Windows Management Instrumentation Remote
  Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Windows Management Instrumentation
  Remote Protocol, which uses the Common Information Model (CIM), as specified
  in [DMTF-DSP0004], to represent various components of the operating system.
  CIM is the conceptual model for storing enterprise management information.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WMIO]: Windows Management Instrumentation
  Encoding Version 1.0 Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Windows Management Instrumentation
  Encoding Version 1.0 Protocol, which is a binary data encoding format used by
  the Windows Management Instrumentation Remote Protocol, as specified in
  [MS-WMI], for network communication.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WSMAN]: Web Services Management Protocol
  Extensions for Windows Server 2003</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Web Services Management Protocol
  Extensions, which is a general purpose, SOAP-based systems management
  extension that defines procedures for carrying out remote management
  operations.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WSMV]: Web Services Management Protocol
  Extensions for Windows Vista</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Web Services Management Protocol
  Extensions for Windows Vista, which provides Windows Vista extensions to the
  WS-Management Protocol, the WS-Management Binding Specification, and the
  WS-CIM Mapping Specification for accessing CIM objects as a Web service.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-XOPP]: XML-binary Optimized Packaging (XOP)
  Profile</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the XML-binary Optimized Packaging (XOP)
  Profile, which provides extensions that enable more efficient implementations
  of [XML-XOP] to be built by requiring certain ordering of the MIME parts in
  the XOP package.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p> </p>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>