<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>Advanced File Services Protocols Scenario</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="Advanced File Services Protocols Scenario"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="Advanced File Services Protocols Scenario"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="a7ded3e7-9134-4448-8ae0-22c5707967ec"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="a7ded3e7-9134-4448-8ae0-22c5707967ec"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="Advanced File Services Protocols Scenario" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">Advanced File Services Protocols Scenario</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p>Protocols used to provide advanced file service operations
to other Windows client and server computers on a network.</p>

<table>
 <tr>
  <th>
  <p><b>Specification</b></p>
  </th>
  <th>
  <p><b>Description</b></p>
  </th>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-BKUP]: Microsoft NT Backup File Structure</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Microsoft NT Backup File Structure
  protocol, which describes the network format of the Windows NT backup file
  format and its constituent structures that may be used in other protocols.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-BRWS]: Common Internet File System (CIFS)
  Browser Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Common Internet File System (CIFS)
  Browser Protocol, which updates all backup browser servers with the contents
  of the response to a NetServerEnum2 request and shares the processing load of
  enumerating the services available in the network across different servers.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-BRWSA]: Common Internet File System (CIFS)
  Browser Auxiliary Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Common Internet File System (CIFS)
  Browser Auxiliary Protocol, which is used by the master browser server to
  query configuration information for the domains from the domain master
  browser server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-CFB]: Compound File Binary File Format</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Compound File Binary File Format, a
  general-purpose file format that provides a file-system-like structure within
  a file for the storage of arbitrary, application-specific streams of data.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-CIFS]: Common Internet File System (CIFS)
  Protocol</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Common Internet File System (CIFS)
  Protocol, a cross-platform, transport-independent protocol that provides a
  mechanism for client systems to use file and print services made available by
  server systems over a network.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-DFSRH]: DFS Replication Helper Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the DFS Replication Helper Protocol, which
  is made up of a set of distributed component object model (DCOM) interfaces
  for configuring and monitoring DFS Replication Helper Protocols on a server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-DLTCS]: Distributed Link Tracking Central Store
  Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Distributed Link Tracking Central
  Store Protocol, which defines how the Active Directory objects are defined,
  updated, and interpreted. [MS-DLTCS] works with the Distributed Link Tracking
  (DLT) Workstation Protocol and the DLT Central Manager Protocol ([MS-DLTM]),
  the two other protocols that make up Distributed Link Tracking.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-DLTM]: Distributed Link Tracking: Central
  Manager Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Distributed Link Tracking: Central
  Manager Protocol, which works with the Distributed Link Tracking (DLT)
  Workstation Protocol to discover the new location of a file that has moved.
  DLT can determine whether the file has moved on a mass-storage device, within
  a computer, or between computers in a network. The DLT Central Manager
  Protocol keeps track of file and volume moves and other relevant information
  from participating computers in order to provide this information in response
  to workstation queries.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-DLTW]: Distributed Link Tracking: Workstation
  Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Distributed Link Tracking: Workstation
  Protocol, which works with the Distributed Link Tracking (DLT) Central Manager
  Protocol to discover the new location of a file that has moved. DLT can
  determine whether the file has moved on a mass-storage device, within a
  computer, or between computers in a network.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-DMRP]: Disk Management Remote Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Disk Management Remote Protocol
  Specification, a set of Distributed Component Object Model (DCOM) interfaces
  that manages storage objects on a machine.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-DPWSRP]: Devices Profile for Web Services
  (DPWS): Shared Resource Publishing Data Structure</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the DPWS: Shared Resource Publishing data
  structure. This data structure is used by the HomeGroup Protocol to advertise
  shared files and folders in a HomeGroup peer-to-peer network environment.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-ECS]: Enterprise Client Synchronization Protocol</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Enterprise Client Sync protocol, which
  enables devices (such as tablets, PCs, or laptops) to synchronize files to
  and from a file server in a REST-based manner.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-EFSR]: Encrypting File System Remote (EFSRPC)
  Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Encrypting File System Remote (EFSRPC)
  Protocol, which performs maintenance and management operations on encrypted
  data that is stored remotely and accessed over a network.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-FPSE]: FrontPage Server Extensions Remote
  Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the FrontPage Server Extensions Remote
  Protocol, which describes a set of server extensions that can be used to
  augment a basic HTTP server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-FRS2]: Distributed File System Replication
  Protocol</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Distributed File System Replication
  Protocol, which defines an RPC interface that replicates files between
  servers and enables the creation of multimaster optimistic file replication
  systems.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-FSA]: File System Algorithms </p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies File System Algorithms in terms of an
  abstract model for how an object store can be implemented to support the
  Server Message Block (SMB) Version 1.0 Protocol [MS-SMB] and the Server
  Message Block (SMB) Version 2.0 Protocol [MS-SMB2].</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-FSCC]: File System Control Codes</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the File System Control Codes that define
  the network format of native Windows structures that may be used within other
  protocols.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-FSRVP]: File Server Remote VSS Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the File Server Remote VSS Protocol, an
  RPC-based protocol used for creating shadow copies of file shares on a remote
  computer, and for facilitating backup applications in performing
  application-consistent backup and restore of data on SMB2 shares.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-FSVCA]: File Set Version Comparison Algorithms </p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the File Set Version Comparison
  Algorithms, which is used by the Enterprise Client Synchronization Protocol
  to build and serialize a compact representation of version state across a
  data set consisting of files and directories.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-HVRS-Preview]: Hyper-V Remote Storage Profile</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies information regarding the implementation
  for hosting Hyper-V virtual machine files on Server Message Block (SMB)
  Version 3 shares.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-MAIL]: Remote Mailslot Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Remote Mailslot Protocol. This
  protocol is a simple, nonsecure, and unidirectional interprocess
  communications (IPC) protocol between a client and server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-MCIS]: Content Indexing Services Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Content Indexing Services Protocol,
  which enables a client to communicate with a server hosting an indexing
  service to issue queries.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-OAPX]: OAuth 2.0 Protocol Extensions</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the OAuth 2.0 Protocol Extensions, which
  are used to extend the OAuth 2.0 Authorization Framework. These extensions
  enable authorization features such as resource specification, request
  identifiers, and login hints.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-OAPXBC]: OAuth 2.0 Protocol Extensions for
  Broker Clients</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the OAuth 2.0 Protocol Extensions for
  Broker Clients, extensions to [RFC6749] (The OAuth 2.0 Authorization
  Framework) that allow a broker client to obtain access tokens on behalf of
  calling clients.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-OLEPS]: Object Linking and Embedding (OLE)
  Property Set Data Structures</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Object Linking and Embedding (OLE):
  Property Set Data Structures. These structures enable applications to write
  metadata in a manner that is discoverable to other software.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-PBSD]: Publication Services Data Structure</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Publication Services Data Structure.
  This structure describes the data that computers use to describe themselves
  and the resources they offer as Web services over IP-based networks.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-PCCRC]: Peer Content Caching and Retrieval:
  Content Identification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies Peer Content Caching and Retrieval:
  Content Identification, the content information format used by the Windows
  Branch Caching Framework to uniquely identify content for discovery and
  retrieval purposes.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-PCCRTP]: Peer Content Caching and Retrieval:
  HTTP Extensions</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Peer Content Caching and Retrieval:
  HTTP Extensions, which implements a new type of content encoding, PeerDist,
  that can be used in HTTP/1.1. In particular, it specifies the mechanism used
  by an HTTP/1.1 client and an HTTP/1.1 server to communicate with each other
  by using the PeerDist content encoding.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-PNRP]: Peer Name Resolution Protocol (PNRP)
  Version 4.0 Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Peer Name Resolution Protocol (PNRP)
  Version 4.0, which is used to resolve a name to a set of information, such as
  IP addresses; to maintain a cloud of peer nodes; to maintain a distributed
  cache of endpoint information; and to transfer requests for Peer Name
  resolutions between nodes.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-PROPSTORE]: Property Store Binary File Format</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Property Store Binary File Format.
  This file format is a persistence format for a set of properties.
  Implementers can use this file format to store a set of properties in a file
  or within another structure.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-RAP]: Remote Administration Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Microsoft Remote Administration
  Protocol (RAP), which Microsoft LAN Manager uses to perform remote
  administrative functions and is included in the Microsoft Windows operating
  system for compatibility reasons.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-RDC]: Remote Differential Compression Algorithm
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Remote Differential Compression
  Algorithm protocol, which enables efficient synchronization of files with a
  remote source by using compression techniques to minimize the amount of data
  sent between a client and server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-RSMP]: Removable Storage Manager (RSM) Remote
  Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Removable Storage Manager (RSM) Remote
  Protocol, a set of distributed component object model (DCOM) interfaces for
  applications to manage robotic changers, media libraries, and tape drives.
  This protocol deals with detailed low-level operating system and storage
  concepts.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-RSVD]: Remote Shared Virtual Disk Protocol</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Remote Shared Virtual Disk Protocol,
  which supports accessing and manipulating virtual disks stored as files on an
  SMB3 file server. This protocol enables opening, querying, administering,
  reserving, reading, and writing the virtual disk objects, providing for
  flexible access by single or multiple consumers. It also provides for
  forwarding of SCSI operations, to be processed by the virtual disk.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-SCMP]: Shadow Copy Management Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Shadow Copy Management Protocol, which
  programmatically enumerates shadow copies and configures shadow copy storage
  on remote machines.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-SHLLINK]: Shell Link (.LNK) Binary File Format</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Shell Link Binary File Format, which
  contains information that can be used to access another data object. The
  Shell Link Binary File Format is the format of Windows files with the
  extension &quot;LNK&quot;.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-SMB]: Server Message Block (SMB) Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Server Message Block (SMB) Protocol,
  which defines extensions to the existing Common Internet File System (CIFS)
  specification that have been implemented by Microsoft since the publication
  of the [CIFS] specification.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-SMB2]: Server Message Block (SMB) Version 2.0
  and 3.0 Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Server Message Block (SMB) Version 2.0
  and 3.0 Protocol, which supports the sharing of file and print resources
  between machines and extends the concepts from the Server Message Block
  Protocol.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-SMBD]: SMB2 Remote Direct Memory Access (RDMA)
  Transport Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the SMB2 Remote Direct Memory Access
  (RDMA) Transport Protocol, a wrapper for the existing SMB2 protocol that
  allows SMB2 packets to be delivered over RDMA-capable transports such as
  iWARP or Infiniband while utilizing the direct data placement (DDP)
  capabilities of these transports. Benefits include reduced CPU overhead,
  lower latency, and improved throughput.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-SQOS]: Storage Quality of Service Protocol</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Storage Quality of Service (QoS)
  Protocol, which is a block-based protocol that is used to manage the Quality
  of Service configuration of I/O flows targeting remote files accessed over
  SMB3.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-SRVS]: Server Service Remote Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Server Service Remote Protocol, which
  remotely enables file and printer sharing and named pipe access to the server
  through the Server Message Block Protocol.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-SWN]: Service Witness Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Service Witness Protocol, which
  enables an SMB2 clustered file server to notify SMB2 clients with prompt and
  explicit notifications about the failure or recovery of a network name and
  associated services.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-VDS]: Virtual Disk Service (VDS) Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Virtual Disk Service (VDS) Protocol, a
  set of distributed component object model (DCOM) interfaces for managing the
  configuration of disk storage.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WDV]: Web Distributed Authoring and Versioning
  (WebDAV) Protocol: Client Extensions</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Web Distributed Authoring and
  Versioning (WebDAV) Protocol: Client Extensions, which extends WebDAV by
  introducing new headers that both enable the file types that are not
  currently manageable and optimize protocol interactions for file system
  clients. These extensions do not introduce new functionality into WebDAV, but
  instead optimize processing and eliminate the need for special-case
  processing.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WDVME]: Web Distributed Authoring and Versioning
  (WebDAV) Protocol: Microsoft Extensions</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Web Distributed Authoring and
  Versioning (WebDAV) Protocol: Microsoft Extensions, which extends the WebDAV
  Protocol specified in [RFC2518] to extend the standard Hypertext Transfer
  Protocol (HTTP) mechanisms specified in [RFC2616] for providing file access
  and content management over the Internet.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WDVSE]: Web Distributed Authoring and Versioning
  (WebDAV) Protocol: Server Extensions</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Web Distributed Authoring and
  Versioning (WebDAV) Protocol: Server Extension, which extends the standard
  HTTP mechanisms defined in [RFC2068] to provide file access and content
  management over the Internet.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WSMV]: Web Services Management Protocol
  Extensions for Windows Vista</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Web Services Management Protocol Extensions
  for Windows Vista, which provides Windows Vista extensions to the
  WS-Management Protocol, the WS-Management Binding Specification, and the
  WS-CIM Mapping Specification for accessing CIM objects as a Web service.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WSP]: Windows Search Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Windows Search Protocol (WSP), which
  enables a client to communicate with a server hosting a Windows Search
  service (WSS) to issue queries.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WSSFO]: Windows SharePoint Services (WSS): File
  Operations Database Communications Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Windows SharePoint Services (WSS):
  File Operations Database Communications Protocol. This protocol defines
  communication sequences used by Web Front End (WFE) and application servers
  to perform data query and update commands on Back End Database Servers (BEDS)
  as part of file, user, and group administration operations.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WSSFO2]: Windows SharePoint Services (WSS): File
  Operations Database Communications Version 2 Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Windows SharePoint Services (WSS):
  File Operations Database Communications Version 2 Protocol. This protocol
  allows the communication sequences used by front-end Web servers to perform
  data query and update commands on back-end database servers as part of file,
  user, and group administration operations.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WSSFO3]: Windows SharePoint Services (WSS): File
  Operations Database Communications Version 3 Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Windows SharePoint Services (WSS):
  File Operations Database Communications Protocol. This protocol provides
  communication sequences used by front-end web servers to perform data query
  and update commands on back-end database servers as part of file, user, and
  group administration operations.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-WSSFOB]: Windows SharePoint Services (WSS): File
  Operations Database Communications Base Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Windows SharePoint Services (WSS):
  File Operations Database Communications Base Protocol. This protocol allows
  the communication sequences used by front-end Web servers to perform data
  query and update commands on back-end database servers as part of file, user,
  and group administration operations.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p> </p>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>