<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>Base Authorization and Authentication Protocols Scenario</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="Base Authorization and Authentication Protocols Scenario"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="Base Authorization and Authentication Protocols Scenario"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="dcb29eb3-6f2b-4da8-9331-88afb876fb7b"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="dcb29eb3-6f2b-4da8-9331-88afb876fb7b"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="Base Authorization and Authentication Protocols Scenario" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">Base Authorization and Authentication Protocols Scenario</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p>Protocols used to provide standard authentication and
authorization services for Windows clients and servers.</p>

<table>
 <tr>
  <th>
  <p><b>Specification</b></p>
  </th>
  <th>
  <p><b>Description</b></p>
  </th>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-ADFSOAL]: Active Directory Federation Services
  OAuth Authorization Code Lookup Protocol</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Active Directory Federation Services
  OAuth Authcode Lookup Protocol, which is used to find the issuing server of
  an access token for an OAuth authorization code.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-ADFSPIP]: Active Directory Federation Services
  and Proxy Integration Protocol</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Active Directory Federation Services
  Proxy and Web Application Proxy Integration Protocol. This protocol
  integrates Active Directory Federation Services with an authentication and
  application proxy to enable access to services located inside the boundaries
  of the corporate network for clients that are located outside that boundary.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-ADFSPP]: Active Directory Federation Service (AD
  FS) Proxy Protocol</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Federation Service Proxy Protocol,
  which is used by a security token service (STS) proxy to obtain configuration
  data about an STS in order to assist users in selecting an acceptable
  security realm from which to obtain a security token.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-ADFSWAP]: Active Directory Federation Service
  (AD FS) Web Agent Protocol</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Federation Service Web Agent Protocol,
  which is used by a Web service (WS) resource to obtain configuration data
  about a security token service (STS) in order to validate tokens from that
  STS using the protocol defined in [MS-MWBF].</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-APDS]: Authentication Protocol Domain Support
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies Authentication Protocol Domain Support,
  which is the communication process between a server and a domain controller
  that uses Netlogon interfaces to complete an authentication sequence.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-BKRP]: BackupKey Remote Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies how to encrypt secret values (such as
  cryptographic keys), so they can be backed up to storage that is not
  specially protected, and how to decrypt such values in the event recovery is
  necessary.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-CHAP]: Extensible Authentication Protocol Method
  for Microsoft Challenge Handshake Authentication Protocol (CHAP)
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Extensible Authentication Protocol
  Method for Microsoft Challenge Handshake Authentication Protocol (CHAP). This
  protocol enables extensible authentication for network access.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-DPSP]: Digest Protocol Extensions</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Digest Protocol Extensions, which
  describes the variations in the Windows implementation of the Digest
  Authentication protocol from the standard, as specified in [RFC2617].</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-DVRE]: Device Registration Enrollment Protocol</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Device Registration Enrollment
  Protocol, which is used to register corporate-owned and personal devices with
  a corporate network.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-DVRJ]: Device Registration Join Protocol</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Device Registration Join Protocol,
  which provides a lightweight mechanism for registering personal or
  corporate-owned devices with a workplace.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-GSSA]: Generic Security Service Algorithm for
  Secret Key Transaction Authentication for DNS (GSS-TSIG) Protocol Extension</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Generic Security Service Algorithm for
  Secret Key Transaction Authentication for DNS (GSS-TSIG) Protocol Extension,
  which identifies one possible extension to TSIG based on the Generic Security
  Service Application Program Interface (GSS-API).</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-HGRP]: HomeGroup Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the HomeGroup Protocol, which is used to
  create a trust relationship that facilitates the advertising and publishing
  of content between machines via a peer-to-peer (P2P) infrastructure.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-KILE]: Kerberos Protocol Extensions</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Microsoft implementation of the
  Kerberos Protocol Extensions, as specified in [RFC4120], by specifying any
  Windows behaviors that differ from the Kerberos Protocol, in addition to
  Windows extensions for interactive logon and the inclusion of authorization
  information expressed as group memberships and related information.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-KPP]: Key Provisioning Protocol</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Key Provisioning Protocol, which
  provides a mechanism for registering a set of cryptographic keys on a user
  and device pair.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-LSAD]: Local Security Authority (Domain Policy)
  Remote Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Local Security Authority (Domain
  Policy) Remote Protocol. It provides an RPC interface used for providing
  remote management for policy settings related to account objects, secret
  objects, trusted domain objects (TDOs), and other security-related policy
  settings.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-LSAT]: Local Security Authority (Translation
  Methods) Remote Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Local Security Authority (Translation
  Methods) Remote Protocol, which is implemented in Windows-based products to
  translate identifiers for security principal between human-readable and
  machine-readable forms.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-MWBE]: Microsoft Web Browser Federated Sign-On
  Protocol Extensions</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Microsoft Web Browser Federated
  Sign-On Protocol Extensions. This extension enables Web browser requestors
  that do not support scripting (to create POST messages) and enables passing
  security identifiers (SIDs) in Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) V1.1
  assertions. It is assumed that the reader is familiar with the terms,
  concepts, and protocols that are defined in [MS-MWBF].</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-MWBF]: Microsoft Web Browser Federated Sign-On
  Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Microsoft Web Browser Federated Sign-On
  Protocol, which is primarily a restriction of the protocol that is specified
  in [WSFedPRP]. The restrictions are designed to enable greater
  interoperability by reducing the number of variations that must be
  implemented. This protocol also specifies minor additions to [WSFedPRP] to
  handle common scenarios.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-N2HT]: Negotiate and Nego2 HTTP Authentication
  Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Negotiate and Nego2 HTTP
  Authentication Protocol, which describes support for SPNEGO authentication as
  specified in [RFC4559]. The tokens are transmitted using base64-encoding.
  This protocol calls out the differences in the Microsoft implementation from
  what is specified in [RFC4559], where applicable.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-NBTE]: NetBIOS over TCP (NBT) Extensions</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the NetBIOS over TCP (NetBT) Extensions,
  as specified in [RFC1001] and [RFC1002]. These extensions modify the syntax
  of allowable NetBIOS names and the behavior of timers, and add support for
  multihomed hosts.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-NLMP]: NT LAN Manager (NTLM) Authentication Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the NT LAN Manager (NTLM) Authentication
  Protocol, used in Windows for authentication between clients and servers.
  NTLM is used by application protocols to authenticate remote users and,
  optionally, to provide session security when requested by the application.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-NRPC]: Netlogon Remote Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Netlogon Remote Protocol, a
  Microsoft-defined RPC interface that is used for user and machine
  authentication on domain-based networks; to replicate the user account
  database for operating systems earlier than Windows 2000 backup domain
  controllers; to maintain domain relationships from the members of a domain to
  the domain controller, among domain controllers for a domain, and between
  domain controllers across domains; and to discover and manage these
  relationships.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-NTHT]: NTLM Over HTTP Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the NTLM Over HTTP Protocol, which is used
  to authenticate a Web client to a Web server. This protocol authentication
  variant works only with NTLM; the Kerberos protocol is not supported.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-PASS]: Passport Server Side Include (SSI)
  Version 1.4 Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Passport Server Side Include (SSI)
  Version 1.4 Protocol, which describes how messages are encapsulated on the
  wire.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-PBSD]: Publication Services Data Structure</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Publication Services Data Structure.
  This structure describes the data that computers use to describe themselves
  and the resources they offer as Web services over IP-based networks.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-PKAP]: Public Key Authentication Protocol</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Public Key Authentication Protocol,
  which provides a method for HTTP clients to prove possession of a private key
  to a web server without having to rely on client Transport Layer Security
  (TLS) support from the underlying platform.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-PKCA]: Public Key Cryptography for Initial
  Authentication (PKINIT) in Kerberos Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Public Key Cryptography for Initial
  Authentication (PKINIT) in Kerberos Protocol, which enables the use of public
  key cryptography in the initial authentication exchange of the Kerberos
  Protocol and specifies the Windows implementation of PKINIT where it differs
  from [RFC4556].</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-POP3]: NT LAN Manager (NTLM) Authentication:
  Post Office Protocol - Version 3 (POP3) Extension</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Post Office Protocol - Version 3
  (POP3) Extension by describing the use of NTLM Authentication (see [MS-NLMP])
  by the Post Office Protocol 3 (POP3) to facilitate client authentication to a
  Windows POP3 server. POP3 specifies a protocol for the inquiry and retrieval
  of electronic mail.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-PPSEC]: Peer-to-Peer Grouping Security Protocol
  Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Peer-to-Peer Grouping Security
  Protocol (P2P Grouping), which layers on top of the Peer-to-Peer Graphing Protocol
  [MS-PPGRH] and adds security and discovery services.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-SAMR]: Security Account Manager (SAM) Remote
  Protocol Specification (Client-to-Server)</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Security Account Manager (SAM) Remote
  Protocol Specification (Client-to-Server), which supports printing and
  spooling operations that are synchronous between client and server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-SAMS]: Security Account Manager (SAM) Remote
  Protocol Specification (Server-to-Server)</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Security Account Manager (SAM) Remote
  Protocol Specification (Server-to-Server). Domain controllers (DCs) use this
  protocol to forward time-critical database changes to the primary domain
  controller (PDC), and to forward time-critical database changes from a
  read-only domain controller (RODC) to a writable NC replica within the same
  domain outside the normal replication protocol.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-SFU]: Kerberos Protocol Extensions: Service for
  User and Constrained Delegation Protocol Specification</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Kerberos Protocol Extensions: Service
  for User and Constrained Delegation Protocol, which are two extensions to the
  Kerberos protocol as developed by Microsoft. These two extensions,
  collectively known as Service for User (S4U), enable an application service
  to obtain a Kerberos service ticket on behalf of a user.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-SPNG]: Simple and Protected Generic Security
  Service Application Program Interface Negotiation Mechanism (SPNEGO) Protocol
  Extensions</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Simple and Protected Generic Security
  Service Application Program Interface Negotiation Mechanism (SPNEGO) Protocol
  Extensions. SPNEGO is a security protocol that uses a GSS-API authentication
  mechanism. GSS-API is a literal set of functions that include both an API and
  a methodology for approaching authentication.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>[MS-TLSP]: Transport Layer Security (TLS) Profile</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Transport Layer Security (TLS)
  Profile, which is the authentication option to the Telnet protocol as a
  generic method for negotiating an authentication type and mode, including
  determining whether encryption should be used and whether credentials should
  be forwarded.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td></td>
  <td></td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p> </p>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>