<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>2.2.4.2.1.3 Versioning</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="2.2.4.2.1.3 Versioning"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="[MS-SSAS]: Versioning"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="91987baf-3e5f-48df-b357-8299f137cd44"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="91987baf-3e5f-48df-b357-8299f137cd44"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="[MS-SSAS]: Versioning" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.2.1.3 Versioning</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p>The protocol defined in this specification uses the
http://schemas.microsoft.com/analysisservices/2003/engine <a href="8676f5ce-62d4-4244-a326-634bfed4aba4.htm#gt_485f05b3-df3b-45ac-b8bf-d05f5d185a24">XML namespace</a>.
Forward/backward compatibility is an important issue with the protocol that is
described in this document because new elements can be added in any release.
When new elements are added in a release, with regard to all previously
released releases, the new element can be considered as one of the following:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Ignorable</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Not ignorable</p>

</li></ul><p>Ignorable elements are those that can be safely ignored by
any release for which the element is deemed to be harmless if it is ignored.
That release will have been released before the element in question existed.
Therefore, that element will be an unexpected element to the component that
receives a command that contains that element. However, the receiving component
can safely ignore the presence of this unknown element and can process the rest
of the elements as if the unknown element were not present if the new element
is not breaking.</p>

<p>If an element is deemed to be not ignorable to the release,
that release MUST NOT successfully process a command that contains the unknown element.
The release MUST issue an error message because it has encountered an unknown
XML element that it cannot process and that it cannot safely ignore.</p>

<p>This protocol does not include a mechanism to negotiate
element version compatibility between a client and a server. The only mechanism
that is supplied transmits information that indicates when elements can be
ignored and when elements cannot be ignored.</p>

<p>Information about whether an element is ignorable is
obtained by using the namespace. The target namespace for this protocol
consists of the following format:</p>

<p>http://schemas.microsoft.com/analysisservices/YYYY/engine[/M[/N]]</p>

<p>The versioning that is described in this section refers only
to this namespace and its derivatives. Other namespaces that are referenced in
this protocol definition are not versioned in the way that is described in this
section.</p>

<p>The http://schemas.microsoft.com/analysisservices namespace
is referred to as &quot;root&quot;. The following rules apply to this root
namespace:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>&quot;YYYY&quot; is the year of a major protocol release. For
example, this protocol was initially released in 2003. Therefore, in this
example, YYYY equals &quot;2003&quot;. Subsequent protocol releases will have
future YYYY tagging. The YYYY element of the namespace MUST NOT be changed in
minor releases, such as service packs and hotfixes. However, this component is
not critical to compatibility issues, and other users of this protocol can use
any desired designation for YYYY.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>&quot;M&quot; is the sequence number of the XML element. For
every protocol release that introduces new XML elements or new enumeration
values for existing elements, a new sequence number for M MUST be used. M MUST
always be incremented; that is, every new M needs to be greater than any
previously used M. The very first version of this protocol did not use any
value for M, and therefore it is treated as if it were 0.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>&quot;N&quot; is the smallest and earliest protocol version
number, so that a client or a server that was originally released with this
sequence number or higher can safely ignore this XML element. If N is
unspecified, it is assumed to be 0. This means that the XML element is
nonbreaking to the initial protocol release and to all subsequent protocol
releases. If N is specified, a component MUST compare N to M for its own
release. If N is greater than M for its own release, this element MUST NOT be
ignored, and an error MUST be issued.</p>

</li></ul><p>The namespace for an element is specified by using the
&quot;xmlns&quot; attribute within the instance XML. </p>

<p>For enumeration values, an XML <b>valuens</b> attribute is
used when a new value is added to an existing enumeration type. If the instance
uses the new enumeration value, the <b>valuens</b> attribute MUST be included
for that element in the instance. </p>

<p>Clients and servers MUST look for the element namespace or
the <b>valuens</b> attribute in order to evaluate whether an element can be
ignored.</p>

<p>For example, if a particular component that used this
protocol were released and built to protocol version 2, the namespace that it
would recognize would be root/2003/engine/2. Therefore, for itself, M = 2. If
it receives an XML element with an <b>xmlns</b> attribute or a <b>valuens</b>
attribute that has an N component, and if that N component is greater than 2,
then this component issues an error. If it receives an XML element with an N
component that is less than or equal to 2, or if the N component is absent
(which means implicitly that N=0), then it can safely process the request.</p>

<p>This protocol also uses elements that do not have the
following namespace base format:</p>

<p>http://schemas.microsoft.com/analysisservices/YYYY/engine[/M[/N]]
</p>

<p>For these elements, this protocol does not provide any
versioning capability and does not provide a mechanism for determining whether
an element is ignorable.</p>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>