<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>7 Appendix C: Product Behavior</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="7 Appendix C: Product Behavior"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="[MS-RDL]: Appendix C: Product Behavior"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="1fe5fd87-2de5-4b2c-b762-5a4fd1373621"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="1fe5fd87-2de5-4b2c-b762-5a4fd1373621"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="[MS-RDL]: Appendix C: Product Behavior" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">7 Appendix C: Product Behavior</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p>The information in this specification is applicable to the
following Microsoft products or supplemental software. References to product
versions include updates to those products.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Microsoft SQL Server 2000</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Microsoft SQL Server 2005</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Microsoft SQL Server 2008</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Microsoft SQL Server 2012</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Microsoft SQL Server 2014</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Microsoft SQL Server 2016</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Microsoft SQL Server 2017</p>

</li></ul><p>Exceptions, if any, are noted in this section. If an update
version, service pack or Knowledge Base (KB) number appears with a product
name, the behavior changed in that update. The new behavior also applies to
subsequent updates unless otherwise specified. If a product edition appears
with the product version, behavior is different in that product edition.</p>

<p>Unless otherwise specified, any statement of optional behavior
in this specification that is prescribed using the terms &quot;SHOULD&quot; or
&quot;SHOULD NOT&quot; implies product behavior in accordance with the SHOULD
or SHOULD NOT prescription. Unless otherwise specified, the term
&quot;MAY&quot; implies that the product does not follow the prescription.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_1"></a><a href="7c576847-291e-481d-a5fe-be3f18197d36.htm#Appendix_A_Target_1">&lt;1&gt;
Section 1.6</a>: The following table describes RDL versions and when they were
introduced. Newer releases of Reporting Services support previous RDL versions.
For example, Microsoft SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services supports all previous
RDL versions.</p>

<table>
 <thead>
  <tr>
   <th>
   <p>RDL schema version</p>
   </th>
   <th>
   <p>Release introduced</p>
   </th>
  </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="a7e2ad00-07c8-4f6d-80ab-3ad55df7b233.htm">RDL
  2003/10</a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Microsoft SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="3ebe2912-4958-4832-b391-cad1f5e13338.htm">RDL
  2005/01</a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Microsoft SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="1e855f94-4617-47e4-b89e-0856c6cb420f.htm">RDL
  2008/01</a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Microsoft SQL Server 2008 Reporting Services</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="3428e690-a348-4ec7-8a6a-8efb42d2cdee.htm">RDL
  2010/01</a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2 Reporting Services</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="bf2bab1a-b608-4bcc-b718-1cc1baa9579c.htm">RDL
  2011/01</a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Microsoft SQL Server 2012 Reporting Services </p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="f165fb82-3c5a-4369-961c-128de233638c.htm">RDL
  2012/01</a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Microsoft SQL Server 2012 Service Pack 1 (SP1)
  Reporting Services </p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="c5c219b8-4b13-4c49-9c86-6a07aab39823.htm">RDL
  2013/01</a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>SQL Server 2012 SP1 Reporting Services </p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="52ce3983-2bfc-4e72-9359-42aaf5fe4509.htm">RDL
  2016/01</a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Microsoft SQL Server 2016 Reporting Services</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p> </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_2"></a><a href="b40c092e-4fe5-4f7b-a0bf-c98df1361c90.htm#Appendix_A_Target_2">&lt;2&gt;
Section 2.2.7</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server 2000
Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services restricts sizes to a
maximum of 160 inches or the equivalent. Otherwise, Microsoft SQL Server
Reporting Services restricts sizes to a maximum of 455 inches or the
equivalent.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_3"></a><a href="dc497131-f895-4d05-9d1a-f166d010e9d3.htm#Appendix_A_Target_3">&lt;3&gt;
Section 2.3.6</a>: In the Microsoft implementation, the code is specified in a
Visual Basic–compatible syntax [MSFT-VBNET].</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_4"></a><a href="b7304b2f-fa23-4ee5-a45c-ce325f750bb8.htm#Appendix_A_Target_4">&lt;4&gt;
Section 2.6.1</a>: The value of the <a href="b7304b2f-fa23-4ee5-a45c-ce325f750bb8.htm">Body.Columns</a> element is
less than or equal to 1000.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_5"></a><a href="e704d893-60c7-4cd9-9e26-37e3f3ec8b0d.htm#Appendix_A_Target_5">&lt;5&gt;
Section 2.7.1</a>: The value of the <b>Page.Columns</b> element is less than or
equal to 1000.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_6"></a><a href="c97341b3-3ceb-4014-9b12-68d42fd101d6.htm#Appendix_A_Target_6">&lt;6&gt;
Section 2.17.3</a>: The value of the <b>Paragraph.ListLevel</b> element is less
than or equal to 9.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_7"></a><a href="303f6cb3-cb22-43c4-9861-0c40082219f9.htm#Appendix_A_Target_7">&lt;7&gt;
Section 2.22.10</a>: In the file format validation implementation of <b>Tablix.DataSetName</b>
in SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services, SQL
Server 2008 Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2008 R2 Reporting Services, if <b>DataRegion</b>
has an ancestor, the value of the <b>DataSetName</b> element is ignored. The
value of <b>DataSetName</b> of the data region's ancestor is used instead.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_8"></a><a href="c5e77faf-ba57-42ff-8c1a-35a531a03a9c.htm#Appendix_A_Target_8">&lt;8&gt;
Section 2.22.18</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server
2012 Reporting Services, Microsoft SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL
Server 2016 Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires
that <b>Tablix.LayoutDirection</b> be set to &quot;LTR&quot; if the <b>Tablix.BandLayoutOptions</b>
element is present.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_9"></a><a href="93dad2c3-4c7f-490a-b2bd-6ac06eef05a5.htm#Appendix_A_Target_9">&lt;9&gt;
Section 2.29.2</a>: The uniqueness and content of <b>TablixCell.DataElementName</b>
is not required for the RDL format but is a Microsoft implementation that is
enforced during data rendering to ensure a useable data extract.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_10"></a><a href="cd0d895a-ff2e-4046-b1c2-1ba5e167e0ae.htm#Appendix_A_Target_10">&lt;10&gt;
Section 2.29.4</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server
2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that <b>TablixCell.DataSetName</b>
not be specified unless <b>TablixCell</b> has both a containing row group and a
containing column group.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_11"></a><a href="cd0d895a-ff2e-4046-b1c2-1ba5e167e0ae.htm#Appendix_A_Target_11">&lt;11&gt;
Section 2.29.4</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server
2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that <b>TablixCell.DataSetName</b>
does not specify the name of <b>DataSet</b> for the containing column group
unless the containing row group uses the same <b>DataSet</b>.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_12"></a><a href="b500b166-5e22-416b-9480-34f6b3252a6e.htm#Appendix_A_Target_12">&lt;12&gt;
Section 2.33.7</a>: In SQL Server 2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014
Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016 Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017
Reporting Services, the <b>TablixMember.KeepTogether</b> element is
automatically set to true if the containing <b>Tablix</b> is a band (that is,
if the <a href="aa3763a2-4b3a-4cab-9296-15da99211923.htm">Tablix.BandLayoutOptions</a>
element is specified) and if the <b>TablixMember.KeepTogether</b> element is
not set to true already.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_13"></a><a href="7ebc3db4-5459-426f-83cf-eb536a3cd02a.htm#Appendix_A_Target_13">&lt;13&gt;
Section 2.80.9</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server
2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that a
grouping does not use <b>DomainScopes</b> and <b>Parent</b> expressions when <b>NaturalGroup</b>
is specified.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_14"></a><a href="7ebc3db4-5459-426f-83cf-eb536a3cd02a.htm#Appendix_A_Target_14">&lt;14&gt;
Section 2.80.9</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server
2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that when <b>Group</b>
specifies <b>NaturalGroup</b>, the containing <b>Group</b> specifies <b>NaturalGroup</b>.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_15"></a><a href="7ebc3db4-5459-426f-83cf-eb536a3cd02a.htm#Appendix_A_Target_15">&lt;15&gt;
Section 2.80.9</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server
2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that two or
more groupings associated with <b>DataSet</b> do not describe conflicting <b>NaturalGroup</b>
requirements. A grouping without an ancestor/descendent relationship associated
with the same dataset can use <b>NaturalGroup</b> only if that grouping defines
the same sequence of <b>GroupExpression</b>.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_16"></a><a href="d942a036-57e1-4030-a5f8-335c2577e0f0.htm#Appendix_A_Target_16">&lt;16&gt;
Section 2.80.10</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server
2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that <b>Group.PageBreak</b>
not be specified if the containing <b>Tablix</b> is a <a href="b2482b3f-74ab-4ca8-a9e5-c07955011743.htm#gt_2b91267d-4881-4b9c-82be-a02a592c9298">band</a> (that is, if the <b>Tablix.BandLayoutOptions</b>
element is specified).</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_17"></a><a href="1d747346-e9bd-44d2-8230-466ba36e2c1d.htm#Appendix_A_Target_17">&lt;17&gt;
Section 2.83.2</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server
2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that when <b>NaturalSort</b>
is specified in a scope, the <b>NaturalGroup</b> flag for the containing <b>Group</b>
is specified as true.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_18"></a><a href="1d747346-e9bd-44d2-8230-466ba36e2c1d.htm#Appendix_A_Target_18">&lt;18&gt;
Section 2.83.2</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server
2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that when a
grouping specifies <b>NaturalSort</b>, the containing scope that is bound to
the same <b>DataSet</b> specifies <b>NaturalSort</b>. <b>NaturalSort</b> is
only effective if all containing groups and data regions bound to the same
dataset use <b>NaturalSort</b>.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_19"></a><a href="1d747346-e9bd-44d2-8230-466ba36e2c1d.htm#Appendix_A_Target_19">&lt;19&gt;
Section 2.83.2</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server
2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that two or
more groupings associated with a <b>DataSet</b> do not describe conflicting <b>NaturalSort</b>
requirements. A grouping without an ancestor/descendent relationship that is
associated with the same dataset can use <b>NaturalSort</b> only if that
grouping defines the same sequence of <b>SortExpression</b>.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_20"></a><a href="1d747346-e9bd-44d2-8230-466ba36e2c1d.htm#Appendix_A_Target_20">&lt;20&gt;
Section 2.83.2</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server
2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that when a
grouping specifies both <b>NaturalGroup</b> and <b>NaturalSort</b>, <b>GroupExpressions</b>
and <b>SortExpressions</b> do not describe conflicting order requirements on
the dataset. <b>SortExpressions</b> for a grouping has to contain all <b>GroupExpressions</b>
for the <b>Group</b> when both <b>NaturalGroup</b> and <b>NaturalSort</b> are
specified.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_21"></a><a href="1d747346-e9bd-44d2-8230-466ba36e2c1d.htm#Appendix_A_Target_21">&lt;21&gt;
Section 2.83.2</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server
2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that the
individual <b>SortExpression</b> elements in a grouping use the same value for
their <b>NaturalSort</b> attributes.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_22"></a><a href="eb1ed7cf-bc15-41ff-9011-cec16efdf6b6.htm#Appendix_A_Target_22">&lt;22&gt;
Section 2.87.24</a>: In the file format validation implementation for <b>Chart.DataSetName</b>
in SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services, SQL
Server 2008 Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2008 R2 Reporting Services, if <b>DataRegion</b>
has an ancestor, the value of <b>DataSetName</b> element is ignored. The value
of <b>DataSetName</b> of the data region’s ancestor is used instead.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_23"></a><a href="142a1713-1bb5-40d6-8165-27733659431c.htm#Appendix_A_Target_23">&lt;23&gt;
Section 2.120.2</a>: The value of the <b>ChartAxisScaleBreak.CollapsibleSpaceThreshold</b>
element is greater than or equal to 10 and less than or equal to 90.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_24"></a><a href="262e954c-6734-455f-820f-3c4093f08876.htm#Appendix_A_Target_24">&lt;24&gt;
Section 2.120.5</a>: The value of the <b>ChartAxisScaleBreak.MaxNumberOfBreaks</b>
element is less than or equal to 5.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_25"></a><a href="b8ab0b6b-fc0e-402e-865c-5ebaf6a2a580.htm#Appendix_A_Target_25">&lt;25&gt;
Section 2.120.6</a>: The value of the <b>ChartAxisScaleBreak.Spacing</b>
element is less than or equal to 10.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_26"></a><a href="a2b26146-3781-49b6-a333-bc54fb55601b.htm#Appendix_A_Target_26">&lt;26&gt;
Section 2.127.2</a>: The value of the <b>ChartThreeDProperties.DepthRatio</b>
element is less than or equal to 1000.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_27"></a><a href="8ae3fded-1d10-4fb9-9b42-ccfb59e13802.htm#Appendix_A_Target_27">&lt;27&gt;
Section 2.127.8</a>: The value of the <b>ChartThreeDProperties.Rotation</b>
element is greater than or equal to -180 and less than or equal
to 180.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_28"></a><a href="558a26c9-07f6-4e1e-9775-53af5a8bcbd6.htm#Appendix_A_Target_28">&lt;28&gt;
Section 2.127.10</a>: The value of the <b>ChartThreeDProperties.WallThickness</b>
element is less than or equal to 30.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_29"></a><a href="23c62822-fd51-4312-9b9c-fea33b3b0b3d.htm#Appendix_A_Target_29">&lt;29&gt;
Section 2.140.12</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server
2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that <b>ChartDataPoint.DataSetName</b>
not be specified unless <b>ChartDataPoint</b> has both a containing category
group and a containing series group.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_30"></a><a href="23c62822-fd51-4312-9b9c-fea33b3b0b3d.htm#Appendix_A_Target_30">&lt;30&gt;
Section 2.140.12</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server
2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that <b>ChartDataPoint.DataSetName</b>
does not specify the name of the <b>DataSet</b> for the containing series group
unless the containing category group uses the same <b>DataSet</b>.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_31"></a><a href="3115f13e-9f01-4267-96d9-0cc34153111a.htm#Appendix_A_Target_31">&lt;31&gt;
Section 2.145.6</a>: The value of the <b>ChartSmartLabel.CalloutLineWidth</b>
element is greater than or equal to 0.24985pt and less than or equal
to 20pt.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_32"></a><a href="efa24da3-7283-4c08-bfec-24d1e7817e22.htm#Appendix_A_Target_32">&lt;32&gt;
Section 2.151.8</a>: The value of the <b>ChartLegend.ColumnSpacing</b> element
is less than or equal to 100.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_33"></a><a href="5a83c0d3-6283-49cb-9bb1-5f03927a3377.htm#Appendix_A_Target_33">&lt;33&gt;
Section 2.162.17</a>: In the file format validation implementation for <b>GaugePanel.DataSetName</b>
in SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services, SQL
Server 2008 Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2008 R2 Reporting Services, if a
<b>DataRegion</b> has an ancestor, the value of the <b>DataSetName</b> element
is ignored. The value of the <b>DataSetName</b> of the data region’s ancestor
is used instead.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_34"></a><a href="951fae72-dc46-45c5-8f86-fbaa865bf73f.htm#Appendix_A_Target_34">&lt;34&gt;
Section 2.176.3</a>: The value of the <b>CustomLabel.DistanceFromScale</b>
element is greater than or equal to -100 and less than or equal
to 100.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_35"></a><a href="bc9925ad-0b5c-4cc8-bfde-87ecd5e4cdea.htm#Appendix_A_Target_35">&lt;35&gt;
Section 2.177.1</a>: The value of the <b>TickMarkStyle.DistanceFromScale</b>
element is greater than or equal to -100 and less than or equal
to 100.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_36"></a><a href="f84e8a23-3ab7-42f5-80a2-1ab55ca6acbc.htm#Appendix_A_Target_36">&lt;36&gt;
Section 2.177.5</a>: The value of the <b>TickMarkStyle.Length</b> element is
less than or equal to 100.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_37"></a><a href="755ae3ba-94cf-4f66-8f7b-4c6a121534c5.htm#Appendix_A_Target_37">&lt;37&gt;
Section 2.177.10</a>: The value of the <b>TickMarkStyle.Width</b> element is
less than or equal to 100.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_38"></a><a href="65671a82-6df0-4f4d-8f7e-a64cbeac1a84.htm#Appendix_A_Target_38">&lt;38&gt;
Section 2.179.3</a>: The value of the <b>GaugeTickMarks.DistanceFromScale</b>
element is greater than or equal to -100 and less than or equal
to 100.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_39"></a><a href="2c409164-9f7a-49fb-b8c2-7e6925df6547.htm#Appendix_A_Target_39">&lt;39&gt;
Section 2.179.7</a>: The value of the <b>GaugeTickMarks.Length</b> element is
less than or equal to 100.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_40"></a><a href="83c76a85-1e02-4bb2-94ba-9e9802be260c.htm#Appendix_A_Target_40">&lt;40&gt;
Section 2.179.12</a>: The value of the <b>GaugeTickMarks.Width</b> element is
less than or equal to 100.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_41"></a><a href="9e2e776b-e15b-49d9-9863-4d1ad2d0d0d2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_41">&lt;41&gt;
Section 2.181.4</a>: The value of the <b>LinearPointer.DistanceFromScale</b>
element is greater than or equal to -100 and less than or equal
to 100.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_42"></a><a href="d476981c-f37a-4546-9254-cb160beaf080.htm#Appendix_A_Target_42">&lt;42&gt;
Section 2.181.7</a>: The value of the <b>LinearPointer.MarkerLength</b> element
is less than or equal to 100.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_43"></a><a href="b5734781-1f56-4467-890d-4a4f31d6a4af.htm#Appendix_A_Target_43">&lt;43&gt;
Section 2.183.1</a>: The value of the <b>Thermometer.BulbOffset</b> element is
less than or equal to 100.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_44"></a><a href="9eb12539-b937-4b55-8c4c-abdad6f682d6.htm#Appendix_A_Target_44">&lt;44&gt;
Section 2.183.2</a>: The value of the <b>Thermometer.BulbSize</b> element is
less than or equal to 1000.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_45"></a><a href="d89329ed-aaad-45bb-bd08-91f1c843786c.htm#Appendix_A_Target_45">&lt;45&gt;
Section 2.184.2</a>: The value of the <b>ScaleLabels.DistanceFromScale</b>
element is greater than or equal to -100 and less than or equal
to 100.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_46"></a><a href="805aa92a-ddc3-4709-ae9b-b7be113824b1.htm#Appendix_A_Target_46">&lt;46&gt;
Section 2.185.1</a>: The value of the <b>ScalePin.DistanceFromScale</b> element
is greater than or equal to -100 and less than or equal to 100.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_47"></a><a href="4aceb59a-39dd-4c96-9e48-dd8ac9a30be9.htm#Appendix_A_Target_47">&lt;47&gt;
Section 2.185.5</a>: The value of the <b>ScalePin.Length</b> element is less
than or equal to 100.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_48"></a><a href="2e9e31b7-b16b-4e67-869d-88d8217d0c67.htm#Appendix_A_Target_48">&lt;48&gt;
Section 2.185.10</a>: The value of the <b>ScalePin.Width</b> element is less
than or equal to 100.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_49"></a><a href="d2799a22-6982-4d75-8422-bafd14f5a523.htm#Appendix_A_Target_49">&lt;49&gt;
Section 2.186.2</a>: The value of the <b>PinLabel.DistanceFromScale</b> element
is greater than or equal to -100 and less than or equal to 100.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_50"></a><a href="0c1b9bd5-194b-4b38-acf6-1a4668a33484.htm#Appendix_A_Target_50">&lt;50&gt;
Section 2.188.4</a>: The value of the <b>ScaleRange.DistanceFromScale</b>
element is greater than or equal to -100 and less than or equal
to 100.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_51"></a><a href="318f81b9-03b5-4423-a819-63b51bbab467.htm#Appendix_A_Target_51">&lt;51&gt;
Section 2.188.6</a>: The value of the <b>ScaleRange.EndWidth</b> element is
less than or equal to 1000.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_52"></a><a href="8e50e71e-828e-44a4-bdf8-cc01c6161a1a.htm#Appendix_A_Target_52">&lt;52&gt;
Section 2.188.13</a>: The value of the <b>ScaleRange.StartWidth</b> element is
less than or equal to 1000.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_53"></a><a href="d692131f-e107-4ca7-9019-625af8d5570d.htm#Appendix_A_Target_53">&lt;53&gt;
Section 2.199.4</a>: The value of the <b>RadialPointer.DistanceFromScale</b>
element is greater than or equal to -100 and less than or equal to 100.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_54"></a><a href="e49257c5-629b-4080-a5c7-5d9e0f2de019.htm#Appendix_A_Target_54">&lt;54&gt;
Section 2.199.7</a>: The value of the <b>RadialPointer.MarkerLength</b> element
is less than or equal to 100.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_55"></a><a href="8f50c488-7a6d-468c-95e7-729bfc9384bf.htm#Appendix_A_Target_55">&lt;55&gt;
Section 2.200.7</a>: The value of the <b>PointerCap.Width</b> element is less
than or equal to 1000.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_56"></a><a href="5ed7fac7-5a10-4fd2-9633-6b54210c6aa8.htm#Appendix_A_Target_56">&lt;56&gt;
Section 2.215.2</a>: In the file format validation implementation for <b>MapDataRegion.DataSetName</b>
in SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services, SQL
Server 2008 Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2008 R2 Reporting Services, if <b>DataRegion</b>
has an ancestor, the value of the <b>DataSetName</b> element is ignored. The
value of <b>DataSetName</b> of the data region’s ancestor is used instead.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_57"></a><a href="ca190454-b5be-4b54-a387-bdef51f65ce3.htm#Appendix_A_Target_57">&lt;57&gt;
Section 2.270.4</a>: In the file format validation implementation for <b>CustomData.DataSetName</b>
in SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2005 Reporting Services, SQL
Server 2008 Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2008 R2 Reporting Services, if <b>DataRegion</b>
has an ancestor, the value of the <b>DataSetName</b> element is ignored. The
value of the <b>DataSetName</b> of the data region's ancestor is used instead.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_58"></a><a href="2836ccb2-72ad-4c59-9c50-9ed6671726e1.htm#Appendix_A_Target_58">&lt;58&gt;
Section 2.277.2</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server
2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that <b>DataCell.DataSetName</b>
not be specified unless <b>DataCell</b> has both a containing row group and a
containing column group.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_59"></a><a href="2836ccb2-72ad-4c59-9c50-9ed6671726e1.htm#Appendix_A_Target_59">&lt;59&gt;
Section 2.277.2</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server
2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that <b>DataCell.DataSetName</b>
does not specify the name of <b>DataSet</b> for the containing column group
unless the containing row group uses the same <b>DataSet</b>.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_60"></a><a href="11d434bd-8755-4c3f-ba43-eaa4fed6a692.htm#Appendix_A_Target_60">&lt;60&gt;
Section 2.283.4</a>: In the Microsoft implementation, the <b>Top</b>, <b>Left</b>,
<b>Height</b>, and <b>Width</b> child element values of the <b>ReportItem</b>
element child are interpreted as being those of the <b>CustomReportItem</b>
element.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_61"></a><a href="a07924ac-8237-43ce-baa8-2790cf0f6268.htm#Appendix_A_Target_61">&lt;61&gt;
Section 2.309.1</a>:  Microsoft implementations require this value to be
greater than or equal to 1 and less than or equal to 8.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_62"></a><a href="f6d96ca8-5f9c-4865-85c6-6808b77eb495.htm#Appendix_A_Target_62">&lt;62&gt;
Section 2.309.2</a>:  Microsoft implementations require this value to be
greater than or equal to 1 and less than or equal to 10000.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_63"></a><a href="234a2684-75dc-4caf-913c-65e6547cb764.htm#Appendix_A_Target_63">&lt;63&gt;
Section 2.310.1</a>:  Microsoft implementations require the number of
consecutive empty rows to be less than or equal to 20.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_64"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_64">&lt;64&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Albanian_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_65"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_65">&lt;65&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Amharic_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_66"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_66">&lt;66&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Arabic_100 locale.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_67"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_67">&lt;67&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Armenian_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_68"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_68">&lt;68&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Assamese_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_69"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_69">&lt;69&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services does not support the
Azeri_Cyrillic_90 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_70"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_70">&lt;70&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Azeri_Cyrillic_100 locale.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_71"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_71">&lt;71&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services does not support the
Azeri_Latin_90 locale.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_72"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_72">&lt;72&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Azeri_Latin_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_73"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_73">&lt;73&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Bashkir_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_74"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_74">&lt;74&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Bengali_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_75"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_75">&lt;75&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Bosnian_Cyrillic_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_76"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_76">&lt;76&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Bosnian_Latin_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_77"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_77">&lt;77&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Breton_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_78"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_78">&lt;78&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services does not support the
Chinese_Hong_Kong_Stroke_90 locale.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_79"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_79">&lt;79&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Chinese_Hong_Kong_Stroke_100 locale.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_80"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_80">&lt;80&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Chinese_Macao_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_81"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_81">&lt;81&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Chinese_Macao_Stroke_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_82"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_82">&lt;82&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Chinese_PRC_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_83"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_83">&lt;83&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Chinese_PRC_Stroke_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_84"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_84">&lt;84&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Chinese_Simplified_Pinyin_100 locale.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_85"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_85">&lt;85&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Chinese_Simplified_Stroke_Order_100
locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_86"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_86">&lt;86&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Chinese_Taiwan_Bopomofo_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_87"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_87">&lt;87&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Chinese_Taiwan_Stroke_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_88"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_88">&lt;88&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Chinese_Traditional_Bopomofo_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_89"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_89">&lt;89&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Chinese_Traditional_Pinyin_100 locale.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_90"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_90">&lt;90&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Chinese_Traditional_Stroke_Count_100
locale.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_91"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_91">&lt;91&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Chinese_Traditional_Stroke_Order_100
locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_92"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_92">&lt;92&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Corsican_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_93"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_93">&lt;93&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Croatian_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_94"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_94">&lt;94&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Cyrillic_General_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_95"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_95">&lt;95&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Czech_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_96"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_96">&lt;96&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Danish_Greenlandic_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_97"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_97">&lt;97&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Dari_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_98"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_98">&lt;98&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services does not support the
Divehi_90 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_99"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_99">&lt;99&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Divehi_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_100"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_100">&lt;100&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Estonian_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_101"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_101">&lt;101&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Finnish_Swedish_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_102"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_102">&lt;102&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the French_100 locale.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_103"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_103">&lt;103&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Frisian_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_104"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_104">&lt;104&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Georgian_Traditional_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_105"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_105">&lt;105&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the German_PhoneBook_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_106"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_106">&lt;106&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Greek_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_107"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_107">&lt;107&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Hebrew_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_108"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_108">&lt;108&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Hungarian_100 locale.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_109"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_109">&lt;109&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Hungarian_Technical_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_110"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_110">&lt;110&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Icelandic_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_111"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_111">&lt;111&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services does not support the
Indic_General_90 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_112"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_112">&lt;112&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Indic_General_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_113"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_113">&lt;113&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Inuktitut_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_114"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_114">&lt;114&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services does not support the
Japanese_90 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_115"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_115">&lt;115&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Japanese_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_116"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_116">&lt;116&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Japanese_Bushu_Kakusu_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_117"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_117">&lt;117&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Japanese_Radical_Stroke_100 locale.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_118"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_118">&lt;118&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Japanese_Unicode locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_119"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_119">&lt;119&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services does not support the
Kazakh_90 locale.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_120"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_120">&lt;120&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Kazakh_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_121"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_121">&lt;121&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Khmer_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_122"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_122">&lt;122&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services does not support the
Korean_90 locale.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_123"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_123">&lt;123&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Korean_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_124"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_124">&lt;124&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Lao_100 locale.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_125"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_125">&lt;125&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Latin1_General_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_126"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_126">&lt;126&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Latvian_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_127"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_127">&lt;127&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Lithuanian_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_128"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_128">&lt;128&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Lithuanian_Classic locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_129"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_129">&lt;129&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services does not support the
Macedonian_FYROM_90 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_130"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_130">&lt;130&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Macedonian_FYROM_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_131"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_131">&lt;131&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Maltese_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_132"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_132">&lt;132&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Maori_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_133"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_133">&lt;133&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Mapudungan_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_134"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_134">&lt;134&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Modern_Spanish_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_135"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_135">&lt;135&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Mohawk_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_136"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_136">&lt;136&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Mongolian_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_137"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_137">&lt;137&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005 Reporting
Services do not support the Nepali_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_138"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_138">&lt;138&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Norwegian_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_139"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_139">&lt;139&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Norwegian_Sami_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_140"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_140">&lt;140&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Pashto_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_141"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_141">&lt;141&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Persian_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_142"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_142">&lt;142&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Polish_100 locale.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_143"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_143">&lt;143&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Romanian_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_144"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_144">&lt;144&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Romansh_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_145"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_145">&lt;145&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Sami_Norway_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_146"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_146">&lt;146&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Sami_Sweden_Finland_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_147"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_147">&lt;147&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Serbian_Cyrillic_100 locale.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_148"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_148">&lt;148&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Serbian_Latin_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_149"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_149">&lt;149&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Slovak_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_150"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_150">&lt;150&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Slovenian_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_151"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_151">&lt;151&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Swedish_Finnish_Sami_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_152"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_152">&lt;152&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services does not support the
Syriac_90 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_153"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_153">&lt;153&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Syriac_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_154"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_154">&lt;154&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services does not support the
Tatar_90 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_155"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_155">&lt;155&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Tatar_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_156"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_156">&lt;156&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Tamazight_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_157"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_157">&lt;157&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Thai_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_158"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_158">&lt;158&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Tibetan_PRC_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_159"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_159">&lt;159&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Traditional_Spanish_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_160"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_160">&lt;160&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Turkish_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_161"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_161">&lt;161&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Turkmen_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_162"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_162">&lt;162&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Uighur_PRC_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_163"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_163">&lt;163&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services does not support the
Ukrainian_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_164"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_164">&lt;164&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Upper_Sorbian_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_165"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_165">&lt;165&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Urdu_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_166"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_166">&lt;166&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services does not support the
Uzbek_Latin_90 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_167"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_167">&lt;167&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Uzbek_Latin_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_168"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_168">&lt;168&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Vietnamese_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_169"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_169">&lt;169&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Welsh_100 locale.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_170"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_170">&lt;170&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Yakut_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_171"></a><a href="367a7f62-9577-467f-9fd2-8712303aa8c2.htm#Appendix_A_Target_171">&lt;171&gt;
Section 2.324.4</a>: SQL Server 2000 Reporting Services and SQL Server 2005
Reporting Services do not support the Yi_100 locale. </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_172"></a><a href="dbd9f2fd-d8b7-4f57-b508-12e7c18571a4.htm#Appendix_A_Target_172">&lt;172&gt;
Section 2.324.13</a>: In the file format validation implementation in SQL
Server 2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server
2016 Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services, the behavior
of <b>DateTime</b> values that specify dates before &quot;March 1, 1900&quot;,
is undefined when <b>DataSet.NullsAsBlanks</b> is true.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_173"></a><a href="fc6589e2-7fdd-4587-a3b9-ccabeaffee7c.htm#Appendix_A_Target_173">&lt;173&gt;
Section 2.327.5</a>: In SQL Server 2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014
Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016 Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017
Reporting Services, <b>Field.AggregateIndicatorField</b> cannot be present when
<a href="b052ce70-e7f2-4b49-be41-083d38739380.htm">Field.Value</a> is present.
If <b>Field.AggregateIndicatorField</b> refers to a <a href="940b8522-5d1f-4a2a-ab79-087ef6a69881.htm">Field</a> in which the <b>Field.Value</b>
element is present, <b>Field.Value</b> on the referenced <b>Field</b> has to be
a <a href="4802fa14-3619-43fa-9898-3acab160a24c.htm">Boolean</a> constant, and
<b>Field.Vaue.DataType</b> on the referenced <b>Field</b> has to be Boolean.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_174"></a><a href="9fa528f6-2956-4f90-98c8-831aeb45aa26.htm#Appendix_A_Target_174">&lt;174&gt;
Section 2.335</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server 2012
Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that a <b>DefaultRelationship</b>
does not contain a circular reference</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_175"></a><a href="9fa528f6-2956-4f90-98c8-831aeb45aa26.htm#Appendix_A_Target_175">&lt;175&gt;
Section 2.335</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server 2012
Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that <b>DefaultRelationship</b>
specifies a <b>JoinCondition</b>.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_176"></a><a href="619fae3b-b14c-4cdb-a080-0e67d368cc62.htm#Appendix_A_Target_176">&lt;176&gt;
Section 2.335.1</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server
2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services restricts the value
of the <b>DefaultRelationship.RelatedDataSet</b> element. This element has to
be one of the <b>Dataset.Name</b> attribute values of the <a href="6bbaafec-020b-406c-b4e7-5e4318b616cb.htm">Report</a>. <b>RelatedDataSet</b>
has to be unique among the <b>RelatedDataSet</b> that are specified for other <a href="9fa528f6-2956-4f90-98c8-831aeb45aa26.htm">DefaultRelationship</a>
elements within the list of <a href="510f126f-4f23-4af2-8345-a2de687dac58.htm">DefaultRelationships</a>
in a dataset. <b>RelatedDataSet</b> cannot be equal to the containing <b>DataSet.Name</b>.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_177"></a><a href="76935d83-6fa0-45ee-aa70-5dfebaf624f8.htm#Appendix_A_Target_177">&lt;177&gt;
Section 2.335.2</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server
2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that the <b>DefaultRelationship.JoinConditions</b>
element is specified unless <b>DefaultRelationship.NaturalJoin</b> is true and
the <b>DefaultRelationship</b> is used to correlate instances of a group scope
with its containing <b>DataRegion</b>.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_178"></a><a href="ee84a2d2-9bf3-4454-8c8f-0175bac4538f.htm#Appendix_A_Target_178">&lt;178&gt;
Section 2.335.3</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server
2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that when
the <b>DefaultRelationship.NaturalJoin</b> element is specified for <b>DefaultRelationship</b>
and that the value of the <b>DefaultRelationship.NaturalJoin</b> element is not
specified as false.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_179"></a><a href="ee84a2d2-9bf3-4454-8c8f-0175bac4538f.htm#Appendix_A_Target_179">&lt;179&gt;
Section 2.335.3</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server
2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that when
two <b>DataRegions</b> elements both specify a <b>Relationship</b> element and
both <b>DataRegions</b> elements are within the same top level <b>DataRegion</b>
element, both <b>DataRegions</b> elements cannot reference the same <b>DataSet</b>
element.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_180"></a><a href="470a76af-4897-4b8f-8ee2-a00f25f2ea53.htm#Appendix_A_Target_180">&lt;180&gt;
Section 2.337.1</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server
2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services restricts the
content of <b>JoinCondition.ForeignKey</b>. This element cannot contain a
reference to a <b>ReportItem</b> object, a <b>Variable</b> element, or a <b>RunningValue</b>,
<b>Previous</b> or any other aggregate function.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_181"></a><a href="3646b194-1f1b-433e-90c3-3255d3d371cc.htm#Appendix_A_Target_181">&lt;181&gt;
Section 2.337.2</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server
2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services restricts the
content of <b>JoinCondition.PrimaryKey</b>. This element cannot contain a
reference to a <b>ReportItem</b> object, a <b>Variable</b> element, <b>RunningValue</b>,
<b>Previous</b>, or any other aggregate function.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_182"></a><a href="6d1c77e5-1573-4ad6-8d2a-c507411ad94b.htm#Appendix_A_Target_182">&lt;182&gt;
Section 2.339</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server 2012
Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that if a <b>Relationship</b>
element for a <a href="b2482b3f-74ab-4ca8-a9e5-c07955011743.htm#gt_daf31342-2ed1-4d21-98fa-580f65d37984">data scope</a>
specifies <b>NaturalJoin</b>, the containing <b>Relationship</b> has to specify
<b>NaturalJoin</b>. <b>NaturalJoin</b> is effective only if all containing <b>Relationship</b>
elements specify <b>NaturalJoin</b>.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_183"></a><a href="6d1c77e5-1573-4ad6-8d2a-c507411ad94b.htm#Appendix_A_Target_183">&lt;183&gt;
Section 2.339</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server 2012
Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that when
two <b>DataRegions</b> both specify a <b>Relationship</b> that is within the
same top-level <b>DataRegion</b> element, both <b>DataRegions</b> elements
cannot reference the same <b>DataSet</b> element.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_184"></a><a href="6d1c77e5-1573-4ad6-8d2a-c507411ad94b.htm#Appendix_A_Target_184">&lt;184&gt;
Section 2.339</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server 2012
Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that when
two <b>DataRegions</b> elements specify a <b>Relationship</b> element in which
one <b>DataRegions</b> element is the descendant of the other, both <b>DataRegions</b>
elements cannot reference the same <b>DataSet</b> element.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_185"></a><a href="6d1c77e5-1573-4ad6-8d2a-c507411ad94b.htm#Appendix_A_Target_185">&lt;185&gt;
Section 2.339</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server 2012
Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that <b>Relationship</b>
specify <b>JoinCondition</b>. If <b>JoinCondition</b> is not specified, <b>DefaultRelationship</b>
of <b>DataSet</b> that <b>ParentScope</b> is bound to has to specify <b>JoinCondition</b>.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_186"></a><a href="010c596a-95a7-4db2-b1e0-76f2d4eb4c7a.htm#Appendix_A_Target_186">&lt;186&gt;
Section 2.339.2</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server
2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that when
the <b>Relationship.NaturalJoin</b> element is specified for <b>Relationship</b>,
the containing data scope has to specify that <b>NaturalGroup</b>. <b>NaturalJoin</b>
is only effective if all containing groups specify <b>NaturalGroup</b>.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_187"></a><a href="cae4654e-2100-481d-9e66-3209f30eda82.htm#Appendix_A_Target_187">&lt;187&gt;
Section 2.339.3</a>: The file format validation implementation in SQL Server
2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016
Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017 Reporting Services requires that <b>Relationship.JoinConditions</b>
be specified unless <b>Relationship.NaturalJoin</b> is true and <b>Relationship</b>
is used to correlate instances of a group scope with its containing <b>DataRegion</b>.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_188"></a><a href="22595b1d-9955-449a-807b-6ed492031d68.htm#Appendix_A_Target_188">&lt;188&gt;
Section 2.340.3</a>: The following namespaces and classes are available: </p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>Microsoft.VisualBasic</b></p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>System.Convert</b></p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>System.Math</b></p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>System</b></p>

</li></ul><p>These standard namespaces specify frequently needed
functionality as specified in [MSFT-VBNET].</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_189"></a><a href="8a3a7d63-9c04-4dbb-98ae-6a26b5188643.htm#Appendix_A_Target_189">&lt;189&gt;
Section 2.340.4</a>: In the Microsoft implementation, the following table
specifies how expression return types are converted to RDL data types.</p>

<table>
 <thead>
  <tr>
   <th>
   <p>RDL Type</p>
   </th>
   <th>
   <p>CLR Types </p>
   </th>
  </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><b>String</b></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p><b>String</b>, <b>Char</b>, <b>GUID</b></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><b>Boolean</b></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p><b>Boolean</b></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><b>Integer</b></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p><b>Int16</b>, <b>Int32</b>, <b>Int64</b>, <b>UInt16</b>,
  <b>UInt32</b>, <b>UInt64</b>, <b>Byte</b>, <b>SByte</b>, <b>TimeSpan</b></p>
  <p>The implementation of Reporting Services can convert <b>Integer</b>
  expression results to 32-bit or 64-bit precision, depending on the usage
  context.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><b>DateTime</b></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p><b>DateTime</b>, <b>DateTimeOffset</b></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><b>Float</b></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p><b>Single</b>, <b>Double</b>, <b>Decimal</b></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><b>Binary</b></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p><b>Byte[]</b></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><b>Variant</b></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>One of the following RDL types: <b>String</b>, <b>Boolean</b>,
  <b>Integer</b>, <b>DateTime</b>, <b>Float</b>, or <b>Binary</b>.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="b2482b3f-74ab-4ca8-a9e5-c07955011743.htm#gt_6f3d0afd-66e5-4dcd-91d6-8b77b9d08a6a">VariantArray</a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Array of <b>Variant</b>.</p>
  <p>Unless otherwise specified, in the Microsoft
  implementation, this is a true <a href="b2482b3f-74ab-4ca8-a9e5-c07955011743.htm#gt_a3af3eaf-64b7-499b-a95f-193cd4c27812">variant</a> array (that is,
  object[]), not a strongly typed array.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="b2482b3f-74ab-4ca8-a9e5-c07955011743.htm#gt_0488be64-8718-42c0-b6e5-73eb01a72048">StringArray</a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Array of <b>String</b></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><b>Numeric</b></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>One of the following RDL types: <b>Integer</b> or <b>Float</b>.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><b>Scalar</b></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>One of the following RDL types: <b>Integer</b>, <b>Float</b>,
  or <b>DateTime</b>.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><b>Serializable</b></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>An RDL <b>Variant</b>, which is a CLR type that is
  marked with <b>Serializable </b><a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=93453">[ECMA-335]</a>, or a CLR
  type that implements <b>ISerializable</b>. </p>
  </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p> </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_190"></a><a href="8c87f4fe-4eeb-4cb8-90e2-308c266dfe0f.htm#Appendix_A_Target_190">&lt;190&gt;
Section 2.340.6.5</a>: In the Microsoft implementation, only text box items
appear as <b>ReportItem</b> objects in the <b>ReportItems</b> collection. In
third-party implementations, other items can appear in the <b>ReportItems</b>
collection.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_191"></a><a href="381824cf-4274-444d-a63e-d2d6a7527f68.htm#Appendix_A_Target_191">&lt;191&gt;
Section 2.340.6.6</a>: The <b>Name</b> property is set to &quot;RPL&quot; if
the current user request does not use a rendering extension (such as a create
history snapshot or toggle event). </p>

<p>The <b>Name</b> property is set to NULL for expressions that
are evaluated during the data processing phase (for example, grouping, sorting,
and filtering).</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_192"></a><a href="381824cf-4274-444d-a63e-d2d6a7527f68.htm#Appendix_A_Target_192">&lt;192&gt;
Section 2.340.6.6</a>: The collection is empty for user requests that do not
use a rendering extension (such as a create history snapshot or toggle event)
and for expressions that are evaluated during the data processing phase (for
example, grouping, sorting, and filtering). </p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_193"></a><a href="ab498655-85ee-454a-bb71-ef3f7c017f65.htm#Appendix_A_Target_193">&lt;193&gt;
Section 2.340.6.12</a>: The restriction of the use of the <b>DataSet</b> and <b>DataSource</b>
collections in expressions within <b>Field</b> elements is not implemented in
Reporting Services.</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_194"></a><a href="5b2699f6-8b46-40d7-9a92-0d23132d3d08.htm#Appendix_A_Target_194">&lt;194&gt;
Section 2.340.7.26.7</a>: The Microsoft implementation allows strongly typed
arrays in addition to object[].</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_195"></a><a href="5b2699f6-8b46-40d7-9a92-0d23132d3d08.htm#Appendix_A_Target_195">&lt;195&gt;
Section 2.340.7.26.7</a>: The Microsoft implementation allows strongly typed
arrays in addition to object[].</p>

<p><a id="Appendix_A_196"></a><a href="cd95f31f-9bc2-4ac4-8cb8-8c1a0f908a43.htm#Appendix_A_Target_196">&lt;196&gt;
Section 6.387</a>: In SQL Server 2012 Reporting Services, SQL Server 2014
Reporting Services, SQL Server 2016 Reporting Services, and SQL Server 2017
Reporting Services, <i>rsInvalidAggregateIndicatorField</i> also occurs if <b>Field.AggregateIndicatorField</b>
refers to a field with a <b>Field.Value</b> element that does not have an
constant <b>Boolean</b> value or that does not have <b>Field.Value.DataType</b>
set to &quot;Boolean&quot;.</p>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>