<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>5.7 RDL XML Schema for Version 2013/01</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="5.7 RDL XML Schema for Version 2013/01"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="[MS-RDL]: RDL XML Schema for Version 2013/01"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="c5c219b8-4b13-4c49-9c86-6a07aab39823"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="c5c219b8-4b13-4c49-9c86-6a07aab39823"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="[MS-RDL]: RDL XML Schema for Version 2013/01" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">5.7 RDL XML Schema for Version 2013/01</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p><b>Note:</b> RDL 2013/01 is not a complete schema. It is a
micro-versioned schema and uses <a href="3428e690-a348-4ec7-8a6a-8efb42d2cdee.html">RDL 2010/01</a> as its base
schema. For more information about macro- and micro-versioned RDL schemas, see
section <a href="ae14822f-9553-45f1-bacc-c0a1cbb484fb.html">2.1</a>.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;?xml version=&quot;1.0&quot; encoding=&quot;utf-8&quot;?&gt;
 &lt;!-- Copyright (c) Microsoft.  All rights reserved. --&gt;
 &lt;xsd:schema targetNamespace=&quot;http://schemas.microsoft.com/sqlserver/reporting/2013/01/reportdefinition&quot;
             xmlns:xsd=&quot;http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema&quot;
             xmlns=&quot;http://schemas.microsoft.com/sqlserver/reporting/2013/01/reportdefinition&quot;
             elementFormDefault=&quot;qualified&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xsd:annotation&gt;
     &lt;xsd:documentation&gt;
  
       The following schema describes the structure of the
       Report Definition Language (RDL) for Microsoft SQL Server 2012.
  
       THE SCHEMA IS PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN &quot;AS IS&quot; BASIS, AND MICROSOFT
       DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY,   INCLUDING,
       WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
       FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT, AS TO THE SCHEMA OR ANY
       PRODUCT OR OTHER ITEM THAT MAY BE DEVELOPED USING THE SCHEMA.
  
       Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Microsoft makes no
       warranty that any product or other item that may be developed using the
       schema, or any portion of the schema, will not infringe any copyright,
       patent, trade secret or other intellectual property right of any
       individual or legal entity in any country. It is your responsibility to
       obtain licenses to use any such intellectual property rights as appropriate.
  
       MICROSOFT IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR IN
       CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THE SCHEMA, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY
       DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL (INCLUDING LOST REVENUES OR LOST
       PROFITS), PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER OR NOT MICROSOFT HAS BEEN
       ADVISED OF SUCH DAMAGES.
  
       (c) Microsoft Corporation.  All rights reserved.
  
     &lt;/xsd:documentation&gt;
   &lt;/xsd:annotation&gt;
  
   &lt;!-- A collection of field references used as keys.  Supersedes rdl2011:LabelData.Key.
        ParentElement: rdl2011:LabelData --&gt;
   &lt;xsd:element name=&quot;KeyFields&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xsd:complexType&gt;
       &lt;xsd:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xsd:element name=&quot;Key&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; minOccurs=&quot;1&quot; maxOccurs=&quot;unbounded&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xsd:any namespace=&quot;##other&quot; processContents=&quot;lax&quot; minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; 
                  maxOccurs=&quot;unbounded&quot;/&gt;
       &lt;/xsd:sequence&gt;
       &lt;xsd:anyAttribute namespace=&quot;##other&quot; processContents=&quot;lax&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;/xsd:complexType&gt;
   &lt;/xsd:element&gt;
  
   &lt;!--A collection of values that define extra information, such as the key of a database image used for async retrieval.
   May be under the RDL Image element --&gt;
   &lt;xsd:element name=&quot;Tags&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xsd:complexType&gt;
       &lt;xsd:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xsd:element name=&quot;Tag&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; minOccurs=&quot;1&quot; maxOccurs=&quot;unbounded&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xsd:any namespace=&quot;##other&quot; processContents=&quot;lax&quot; minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; 
                  maxOccurs=&quot;unbounded&quot;/&gt;
       &lt;/xsd:sequence&gt;
       &lt;xsd:anyAttribute namespace=&quot;##other&quot; processContents=&quot;lax&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;/xsd:complexType&gt;
   &lt;/xsd:element&gt;
  
   &lt;!-- Add the following under the ChartDataPointValuesType.  This is for Chart data point value formatting --&gt;
   &lt;xsd:element name=&quot;FormatX&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;xsd:element name=&quot;FormatY&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;xsd:element name=&quot;FormatSize&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;xsd:element name=&quot;CurrencyLanguageX&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;xsd:element name=&quot;CurrencyLanguageY&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;xsd:element name=&quot;CurrencyLanguageSize&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
  
   &lt;!-- Add the following under the Style element for cell level formatting --&gt;
   &lt;xsd:element name=&quot;CurrencyLanguage&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
 &lt;/xsd:schema&gt;
 &lt;/xsd:schema&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>