<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>2.1.1.10 Per Oplock</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="2.1.1.10 Per Oplock"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="[MS-FSA]: Per Oplock"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="6e14455e-3b25-4629-8435-cdeae7bb34a9"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="6e14455e-3b25-4629-8435-cdeae7bb34a9"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="[MS-FSA]: Per Oplock" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">2.1.1.10 Per Oplock</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>ExclusiveOpen:</b> The <b>Open</b> used to request the
opportunistic lock.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>IIOplocks:</b> A list of zero or more <b>Opens</b> used to
request a LEVEL_TWO opportunistic lock, as specified in section <a href="4f654d5a-27e1-4b34-9bd4-8b86cd99fc2c.md">2.1.5.17.1</a>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>ROplocks:</b> A list of zero or more <b>Opens</b> used to
request a LEVEL_GRANULAR(<b>RequestedOplockLevel</b>: READ_CACHING)
opportunistic lock, as specified in section 2.1.5.17.1.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>RHOplocks:</b> A list of zero or more <b>Opens</b> used to
request a LEVEL_GRANULAR(<b>RequestedOplockLevel</b>: (READ_CACHING|HANDLE_CACHING))
opportunistic lock, as specified in section 2.1.5.17.1.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>RHBreakQueue</b>: A list of zero or more <b>RHOpContext</b>
objects. This queue is used to track (READ_CACHING|HANDLE_CACHING) oplocks as
they are breaking.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>WaitList:</b> A list of zero or more <b>Opens</b> belonging to
operations that are waiting for an oplock to break, as specified in section <a href="306239fb-cb60-49fe-b293-df4d1a5f757a.md">2.1.4.12</a>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>State:</b> The current state of the oplock, expressed as a
combination of one or more flags. Valid flags are:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>NO_OPLOCK
- Indicates that this <b>Oplock</b> does not represent a currently granted or
breaking oplock. This is semantically equivalent to the <b>Oplock</b> object
being entirely absent from a <b>Stream</b>. This flag always appears alone.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>LEVEL_ONE_OPLOCK
- Indicates that this <b>Oplock</b> represents a Level 1 (also called
Exclusive) oplock.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>BATCH_OPLOCK
- Indicates that this <b>Oplock</b> represents a Batch oplock.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>LEVEL_TWO_OPLOCK
- Indicates that this <b>Oplock</b> represents a Level 2 (also called Shared)
oplock.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>EXCLUSIVE
- Indicates that this <b>Oplock</b> represents an oplock that can be held by
exactly one client at a time. This flag always appears in combination with
other flags that indicate the actual oplock level. For example,
(READ_CACHING|WRITE_CACHING|EXCLUSIVE) represents a read caching and write
caching oplock, which can be held by only one client at a time.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>BREAK_TO_TWO
- Indicates that this <b>Oplock</b> represents an oplock that is currently
breaking from either Level 1 or Batch to Level 2; the oplock has broken but the
break has not yet been acknowledged.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>BREAK_TO_NONE
- Indicates that this <b>Oplock</b> represents an oplock that is currently
breaking from either Level 1 or Batch to None (that is, no oplock); the oplock
has broken but the break has not yet been acknowledged.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>BREAK_TO_TWO_TO_NONE
- Indicates that this <b>Oplock</b> represents an oplock that is currently
breaking from either Level 1 or Batch to None (that is, no oplock), and was
previously breaking from Level 1 or Batch to Level 2; the oplock has broken but
the break has not yet been acknowledged.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>READ_CACHING
- Indicates that this <b>Oplock</b> represents an oplock that provides caching
of reads; this provides the SMB 2.1 read caching lease, as described in <mshelp:link keywords="5606ad47-5ee0-437a-817e-70c366052962" tabindex="0">[MS-SMB2]</mshelp:link>
section <mshelp:link keywords="250a5100-f8b0-4b32-a202-f592ce4c05e7" tabindex="0">2.2.13.2.8</mshelp:link>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>HANDLE_CACHING
- Indicates that this <b>Oplock</b> represents an oplock that provides caching
of handles; this provides the SMB 2.1 handle caching lease, as described in
[MS-SMB2] section 2.2.13.2.8.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>WRITE_CACHING
- Indicates that this <b>Oplock</b> represents an oplock that provides caching
of writes; this provides the SMB 2.1 write caching lease, as described in
[MS-SMB2] section 2.2.13.2.8.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>MIXED_R_AND_RH
- Always appears together with READ_CACHING and HANDLE_CACHING. Indicates that
this <b>Oplock</b> represents an oplock on which at least one client has been
granted a read caching oplock, and at least one other client has been granted a
read caching and handle caching oplock.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>BREAK_TO_
READ_CACHING - Indicates that this <b>Oplock</b> represents an oplock that is
currently breaking to an oplock that provides caching of reads; the oplock has
broken but the break has not yet been acknowledged.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>BREAK_TO_WRITE_CACHING
- Indicates that this <b>Oplock</b> represents an oplock that is currently
breaking to an oplock that provides caching of writes; the oplock has broken
but the break has not yet been acknowledged.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>BREAK_TO_HANDLE_CACHING
- Indicates that this <b>Oplock</b> represents an oplock that is currently
breaking to an oplock that provides caching of handles; the oplock has broken
but the break has not yet been acknowledged.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>BREAK_TO_NO_CACHING
- Indicates that this <b>Oplock</b> represents an oplock that is currently
breaking to None (that is, no oplock); the oplock has broken but the break has
not yet been acknowledged.</p>

</li></ul></li></ul>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>