<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>2.1.1.1 Per Volume</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="2.1.1.1 Per Volume"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="[MS-FSA]: Per Volume"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="8ab3924f-c703-44a7-ac6f-3a75a7a849d8"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="8ab3924f-c703-44a7-ac6f-3a75a7a849d8"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="[MS-FSA]: Per Volume" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">2.1.1.1 Per Volume</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p>The object store MUST implement the following persistent
attributes:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>RootDirectory:</b> The <b>DirectoryFile</b> for the root of
this <a href="682f0f59-385c-4351-b81a-3b234f53db03.md#gt_9a876829-33a1-4f0b-8b81-8552b7e5561c">volume</a>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>IsPhysicalRoot</b>: A Boolean that is TRUE if <b>RootDirectory</b>
represents the root of the physical media format.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>TotalSpace:</b> A 64-bit unsigned integer specifying the total
size of the volume in bytes. This value MUST be a multiple of <b>ClusterSize</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>FreeSpace:</b> A 64-bit unsigned integer specifying the
available space of the volume in bytes. This value MUST be a multiple of <b>ClusterSize</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>IsReadOnly:</b> A Boolean that is TRUE if the volume is
read-only and MUST NOT be modified; otherwise, the volume is both readable and
writable.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>IsQuotasSupported:</b> A Boolean that is TRUE if the physical
media format for this volume supports Quotas.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>IsObjectIDsSupported:</b> A Boolean that is TRUE if the
physical media format for this volume supports ObjectIDs.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>IsReparsePointsSupported:</b> A Boolean that is TRUE if the
physical media format for this volume supports ReparsePoints.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>VolumeLabel:</b> A 16-character <a href="682f0f59-385c-4351-b81a-3b234f53db03.md#gt_c305d0ab-8b94-461a-bd76-13b40cb8c4d8">Unicode</a> string containing
the name of the volume. An empty value is supported. </p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>LogicalBytesPerSector:</b> A 32-bit unsigned integer
specifying the size of a sector for this volume in bytes. <b>LogicalBytesPerSector</b>
MUST be a power of two and MUST be greater than or equal to 512 and less than
or equal to <b>Volume.SystemPageSize</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>ClusterSize:</b> A 32-bit unsigned integer specifying the size
of a <a href="682f0f59-385c-4351-b81a-3b234f53db03.md#gt_feef37b3-c173-4f51-aab6-b55a6366259b">cluster</a> for this
volume in bytes. <b>ClusterSize</b> MUST be a power of two, and MUST be greater
than or equal to <b>LogicalBytesPerSector</b> and a power-of-two multiple of <b>LogicalBytesPerSector</b>.<a id="Appendix_A_Target_1"></a><a href="4e3695bd-7574-4f24-a223-b4679c065b63.md#Appendix_A_1" aria-label="Product behavior note 1">&lt;1&gt;</a></p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>PhysicalBytesPerSector</b>: A 32-bit unsigned integer
specifying the size of a physical sector for this volume in bytes. <b>PhysicalBytesPerSector</b>
MUST be a power of two, MUST be greater than or equal to 512 and less than or
equal to <b>Volume.SystemPageSize</b>, and MUST be greater than or equal to <b>Volume.LogicalBytesPerSector</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>PartitionOffset</b>: A 64-bit unsigned integer specifying the
byte offset used to align the partition to a physical sector boundary.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>SystemPageSize</b>: A 32-bit unsigned integer specifying the
size, in bytes, of a page of memory in the system. This value is architecture
dependent.<a id="Appendix_A_Target_2"></a><a href="4e3695bd-7574-4f24-a223-b4679c065b63.md#Appendix_A_2" aria-label="Product behavior note 2">&lt;2&gt;</a></p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>VolumeCreationTime:</b> The time the volume was formatted in
the FILETIME format specified in <mshelp:link keywords="efbfe127-73ad-4140-9967-ec6500e66d5e" tabindex="0">[MS-FSCC]</mshelp:link>
section <mshelp:link keywords="a69cc039-d288-4673-9598-772b6083f8bf" tabindex="0">2.1.1</mshelp:link>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>VolumeSerialNumber:</b> A 32-bit unsigned integer that
contains a number, randomly generated at format time, to uniquely identify the
volume.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>VolumeCharacteristics:</b> A bit field identifying various
characteristics about the current volume as specified in [MS-FSCC] section <mshelp:link keywords="616b66d5-b335-4e1c-8f87-b4a55e8d3e4a" tabindex="0">2.5.10</mshelp:link>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>CompressionUnitSize:</b> A 32-bit unsigned integer specifying
the <a href="682f0f59-385c-4351-b81a-3b234f53db03.md#gt_ce0d64e7-0847-4910-9611-b3044f3aae2d">compression unit</a>
size in bytes, which is the granularity used when compressing, encrypting, or
sparsifying portions of a stream independent of other portions of the same
stream. Not all file systems support these features, and implementation of this
field is optional. If one or more of these features are supported, the value of
this field is implementation-defined but MUST be a power of two multiple of <b>ClusterSize</b>.<a id="Appendix_A_Target_3"></a><a href="4e3695bd-7574-4f24-a223-b4679c065b63.md#Appendix_A_3" aria-label="Product behavior note 3">&lt;3&gt;</a></p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>CompressedChunkSize:</b> A 32-bit unsigned integer specifying
the maximum size of each chunk in a compressed stream. Not all file systems
support compression, and implementation of this field is optional. If
compression is supported, the value of this field is implementation-defined but
MUST be a power of two and MUST be less than or equal to <b>CompressionUnitSize</b>.<a id="Appendix_A_Target_4"></a><a href="4e3695bd-7574-4f24-a223-b4679c065b63.md#Appendix_A_4" aria-label="Product behavior note 4">&lt;4&gt;</a></p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>ChecksumChunkSize:</b> A 32-bit unsigned integer that
specifies the size of each chunk in a stream that is configured with integrity.
Not all file systems support integrity, and implementation of this field is
optional.<a id="Appendix_A_Target_5"></a><a href="4e3695bd-7574-4f24-a223-b4679c065b63.md#Appendix_A_5" aria-label="Product behavior note 5">&lt;5&gt;</a></p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>TunnelCacheList:</b> A list of zero or more <b>TunnelCacheEntries</b>
providing metadata about recently deleted or renamed files. The list could be
empty if the object store does not implement tunnel caching or if there are no
recently deleted or renamed files on this volume.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>ChangeNotifyList:</b> A list of zero or more <b>ChangeNotifyEntries</b>
describing outstanding change notify requests for the volume.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>GenerateShortNames:</b> A Boolean that is TRUE if short name
creation support is enabled on this Volume. FALSE if short name creation is not
supported on this Volume.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>QuotaInformation:</b> A list of FILE_QUOTA_INFORMATION
elements (as specified in [MS-FSCC] section <mshelp:link keywords="acdc0738-ba3c-47a1-b11a-72e22d831c57" tabindex="0">2.4.33</mshelp:link>)
that track the total <b>Stream.AllocationSize</b> per SID where the <b>File.SecurityDescriptor.Owner</b>
field is equal to the SID.<a id="Appendix_A_Target_6"></a><a href="4e3695bd-7574-4f24-a223-b4679c065b63.md#Appendix_A_6" aria-label="Product behavior note 6">&lt;6&gt;</a></p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>DefaultQuotaThreshold:</b> A 64-bit signed integer that
contains the default per-user disk quota warning threshold in bytes. Not all
file systems support this field, and implementation of this field is optional.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>DefaultQuotaLimit:</b> A 64-bit signed integer that contains
the default per-user disk quota limit in bytes. Not all file systems support
this field, and implementation of this field is optional.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>VolumeQuotaState:</b> A bitmask of flags defining the current
quota state on the volume as specified in [MS-FSCC] section <mshelp:link keywords="e5a70738-7ee4-46d9-a5f7-6644daa49a51" tabindex="0">2.5.2</mshelp:link>
under FileSystemControlFlags. Not all file systems support this field, and
implementation of this field is optional.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>VolumeId:</b> A <a href="682f0f59-385c-4351-b81a-3b234f53db03.md#gt_f49694cc-c350-462d-ab8e-816f0103c6c1">GUID</a> as specified in <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=90460">[RFC4122]</a>. This value
MAY be NULL.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>ExtendedInfo:</b> A 48-byte structure containing extended
VolumeId information, as described in [MS-FSCC] section <mshelp:link keywords="dbf535ae-315a-4508-8bc5-84276ea106d4" tabindex="0">2.5.6</mshelp:link>.<a id="Appendix_A_Target_7"></a><a href="4e3695bd-7574-4f24-a223-b4679c065b63.md#Appendix_A_7" aria-label="Product behavior note 7">&lt;7&gt;</a></p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>IsUsnJournalActive:</b> A Boolean that is TRUE if a USN change
journal is active on the volume.<a id="Appendix_A_Target_8"></a><a href="4e3695bd-7574-4f24-a223-b4679c065b63.md#Appendix_A_8" aria-label="Product behavior note 8">&lt;8&gt;</a></p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>LastUsn:</b> A 64-bit unsigned integer indicating the positive
USN number of the last record written to the USN change journal on the volume,
or 0 if no USN records have been written. If <b>IsUsnJournalActive</b> is
FALSE, <b>LastUsn</b> MUST be 0.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>IsOffloadReadSupported:</b> A Boolean that is TRUE if the
volume supports the FSCTL_OFFLOAD_READ operation. This bit is reset to TRUE at
mount time, and is set to FALSE if an Offload Read operation fails for an
implementation- or vendor-specific reason.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>IsOffloadWriteSupported:</b> A Boolean that is TRUE if the
volume supports the FSCTL_OFFLOAD_WRITE operation. This bit is reset to TRUE at
mount time, and is set to FALSE if an Offload Write operation fails for an
implementation- or vendor-specific reason.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>MaxFileSize:</b> A 64-bit unsigned integer that denotes the
maximum file size, in bytes, supported by the object store.<a id="Appendix_A_Target_9"></a><a href="4e3695bd-7574-4f24-a223-b4679c065b63.md#Appendix_A_9" aria-label="Product behavior note 9">&lt;9&gt;</a></p>

</li></ul><p>The following fields are specific to UDF object stores:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>DirectoryCount:</b> A 64-bit signed integer that indicates the
count of directories on the volume, or -1 if not maintained by the object
store.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>FileCount:</b> A 64-bit signed integer that indicates the
count of files on the volume, or -1 if not maintained by the object store.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>FsFormatMajVersion:</b> A 16-bit unsigned integer indicating
the major version of the file system format.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>FsFormatMinVersion:</b> A 16-bit unsigned integer indicating
the minor version of the file system format.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>FormatTime:</b> The time the volume was formatted in the FILETIME
format specified in [MS-FSCC] section 2.1.1.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>LastUpdateTime:</b> The time the volume was last updated in
the FILETIME format specified in [MS-FSCC] section 2.1.1.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>CopyrightInfo:</b> A 68-byte buffer containing any copyright
info associated with the volume.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>AbstractInfo:</b> A 68-byte buffer containing any abstract
info associated with the volume.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>FormattingImplementationInfo:</b> A 68-byte buffer containing
implementation-specific information; this field MAY contain the operating
system version that the media was formatted by.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>LastModifyingImplementationInfo:</b> A 68-byte buffer
containing information written by the last implementation that modified the
disk. This field is implementation-specific and MAY contain the operating
system version that the media was last modified by.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>SparingUnitBytes:</b> A 32-bit unsigned integer indicating the
size in bytes of a sparing unit.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>SoftwareSparing:</b> A Boolean that is TRUE if the volume’s
bad block sparing mechanism is implemented in software, FALSE if bad block
sparing is implemented by the underlying hardware this volume is on.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>TotalSpareBlocks:</b> A 32-bit unsigned integer indicating the
total number of spare blocks.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>FreeSpareBlocks:</b> A 32-bit unsigned integer indicating the
available number of spare blocks.</p>

</li></ul><p>The following fields are specific to the ReFS object store:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>ClusterRefcount</b>: An array of 16-bit unsigned integers. The
array is indexed by the LCN (Logical Cluster Number) of a cluster. The array
has one entry for each cluster on the volume. The value of each entry is the
number of EXTENTS entries that point to the cluster in all the <b>Stream.ExtentLists</b>
on the volume. The number of elements in the array is TotalSpace/ClusterSize 
If a given cluster's <b>ClusterRefcount</b> entry is zero, it is considered
free and is available for reallocation. </p>

</li></ul><p>Volatile Fields:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>OpenFileList:</b> A list of all the <b>File</b> objects opened
on <b>Volume</b>.</p>

</li></ul>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>