<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>2.3.1.2 Binary Format of Primitive Types</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="2.3.1.2 Binary Format of Primitive Types"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="[MS-SSCLRT]: Binary Format of Primitive Types"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="5a3d583d-64c1-4dc5-b02f-ac8011b7b933"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="5a3d583d-64c1-4dc5-b02f-ac8011b7b933"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="[MS-SSCLRT]: Binary Format of Primitive Types" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">2.3.1.2 Binary Format of Primitive Types</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>BOOL</b> values are represented as a single byte. Depending on
the <b>BOOL</b> value, the byte takes one of the following two values: 0x01 for
<b>True</b> or 0x00 for <b>False</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>BYTE</b> values are represented as a single byte.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>SBYTE</b> values are represented as a single byte, but the
most significant bit is reversed from 0 (zero) to 1 or from 1 to 0.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>USHORT</b> values are represented as 2 bytes. The most
significant byte is first, followed by the least significant byte.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>SHORT</b> values are represented as 2 bytes. The most
significant byte is first, and it has the most significant bit reversed from 0
(zero) to 1 or from 1 to 0. It is followed by the least significant byte.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>UINT</b> values are represented as 4 bytes, in the order of
their significance, starting with the most significant byte and ending with the
least significant byte.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>INT</b> values are represented as 4 bytes, in the order of
their significance, starting with the most significant byte and ending with the
least significant byte. The most significant byte has the most significant bit
reversed from 0 (zero) to 1 or from 1 to 0.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>ULONG</b> values are represented as 8 bytes, in the order of
their significance, starting with the most significant byte and ending with the
least significant byte.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>LONG</b> values are represented as 8 bytes, in the order of
their significance, starting with the most significant byte and ending with the
least significant byte. The most significant byte has the most significant bit
reversed, from 0 (zero) to 1 or from 1 to 0.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>FLOAT</b> values are represented as defined by 4-byte, <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=89903">[IEEE754]</a>
single-precision, floating-point format, but the order of the bytes is
reversed.</p>

<p>For positive values (including
positive 0 (zero)), the most significant bit of the first byte is reversed from
0 (zero) to 1.</p>

<p>For negative values, all bits of
all bytes are reversed, from 0 (zero) to 1 or from 1 to 0.</p>

<p>For negative 0 (zero), all bits
remain unchanged.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>DOUBLE</b> values are represented as defined by 8-byte,
double-precision, floating-point format, but the order of the bytes is reversed.</p>

<p>For positive values (including
positive 0 (zero), the most significant bit of the first byte is reversed, from
0 (zero) to 1.</p>

<p>For negative values, all bits of
all bytes are reversed, from 0 (zero) to 1 or from 1 to 0.</p>

<p>For negative 0 (zero), all bits remain
unchanged.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>SqlByte</b> values are represented as 2 bytes. The first byte
is a <b>BOOL</b> value that indicates whether or not the <b>SqlByte</b> value
is NULL (<b>True</b> indicates that this value is not NULL; <b>False</b>
indicates that it is NULL). The second byte is the actual <b>BYTE</b> value
representing the <b>SqlByte</b> value.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>SqlInt16</b> values are represented as 3 bytes. The first byte
is a <b>BOOL</b> value that indicates whether or not the <b>SqlInt16</b> value
is NULL (<b>True</b> indicates that this value is not NULL; <b>False</b>
indicates that it is NULL). The other 2 bytes are the actual <b>SHORT</b> value
representing the <b>SqlInt16</b> value.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>SqlInt32</b> values are represented as 5 bytes. The first byte
is a <b>BOOL</b> value that indicates whether or not the <b>SqlInt32</b> value
is NULL (<b>True</b> indicates that this value is not NULL; <b>False</b>
indicates that it is NULL). The other 4 bytes are the actual <b>INT</b> value
representing the <b>SqlInt32</b> value.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>SqlInt64</b> values are represented as 9 bytes. The first byte
is a <b>BOOL</b> value that indicates whether or not the <b>SqlInt64</b> value
is NULL (<b>True</b> indicates that this value is not NULL; <b>False</b>
indicates that it is NULL). The other 8 bytes are the actual <b>LONG</b> value
representing the <b>SqlInt64</b> value.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>SqlBoolean</b> values are represented as a single byte.
Depending on the value of <b>SqlBoolean</b>, this byte can have any of the
following three values: 0x00 for NULL, 0x01 for <b>False</b>, or 0x02 for <b>True</b>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>SqlSingle</b> values are represented as 5 bytes. The first
byte is a <b>BOOL</b> value that indicates whether or not the <b>SqlSingle</b>
value is NULL (<b>True</b> indicates that this value is not NULL; <b>False</b>
indicates that it is NULL). The other 4 bytes are the actual <b>FLOAT</b> value
representing the <b>SqlSingle</b> value.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>SqlDouble</b> values are represented as 9 bytes. The first
byte is a <b>BOOL</b> value that indicates whether or not the <b>SqlDouble</b>
value is NULL (<b>True</b> indicates that this value is not NULL; <b>False</b>
indicates that it is NULL). The other 8 bytes are the actual <b>DOUBLE</b>
value representing the <b>SqlDouble</b> value.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>SqlDateTime</b> values are represented as 9 bytes. The first
byte is a <b>BOOL</b> value that indicates whether or not the <b>SqlDateTime</b>
value is NULL (<b>True</b> indicates that this value is not NULL; <b>False</b>
indicates that it is NULL). The next 4 bytes are an <b>INT</b> value
representing the date as the number of days elapsed since 1/1/1900 (for dates
before 1/1/1900, this will be a negative value). The final 4 bytes are an <b>INT</b>
value representing the number of ticks elapsed since midnight of the day
represented by the date part. The following rules can be used to calculate the
number of elapsed ticks from the number of elapsed milliseconds:</p>

<p>Each second consists of 300 ticks.
All ticks represent values with the number of milliseconds ending in 0, 3, or
7. For example: 000, 003, 007, 010, 013, 017, 020, …, 990, 993, 997.</p>

<p>The valid range for <b>SqlDateTime</b>
values is from 1753-1-1 00:00:00.000 through 9999-12-31 23:59:59.997.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>SqlMoney</b> values are represented as 9 bytes. The first byte
is a <b>BOOL</b> value that indicates whether or not the <b>SqlMoney</b> value
is NULL (<b>True</b> indicates that this value is not NULL; <b>False</b>
indicates that it is NULL). The other 8 bytes are a <b>LONG</b> value
representing the <b>SqlMoney</b> value multiplied by 10000.</p>

</li></ul>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>