<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>1.3 Overview</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="1.3 Overview"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="[MS-SSCLRT]: Overview"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="ea7c8fa4-6100-43e8-870e-915740daaf5d"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="ea7c8fa4-6100-43e8-870e-915740daaf5d"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="[MS-SSCLRT]: Overview" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">1.3 Overview</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p>The <b>geography</b> and <b>geometry</b> data types are used
by the protocol server to represent two-dimensional objects. The <b>geography</b>
data type is designed to handle ellipsoidal coordinates that are defined from a
variety of standard Earth-shape references, and is used specifically to
accommodate geospatial data. The <b>geometry</b> data type is nonspecific and
can be used for geospatial and other spatial applications that use Cartesian
coordinates.</p>

<p>Instances of the <b>geometry</b> and <b>geography</b> data
types can be composed of a variety of complex features whose definitions are
stored in various structures. These structures are described in detail later in
this document.</p>

<p>The <b>hierarchyid</b> data type is used by a protocol
server application to model tree structures in a more efficient way than was
formerly possible. This data type significantly improves on the performance of
current solutions (for instance, recursive queries).</p>

<p>Values of the <b>hierarchyid</b> data type represent nodes
in a hierarchy tree. This data type is a system <a href="c2758e90-461c-4ce7-bf21-5012ed874080.md#gt_854253ea-e95f-40bb-9e99-cf5b1298db20">common language runtime (CLR)</a>
type, so applications interpret it the same way they would interpret any
protocol server CLR <a href="c2758e90-461c-4ce7-bf21-5012ed874080.md#gt_10a36f2b-2a1d-4d7f-b57d-261afca73727">user-defined
type (UDT)</a>. The binary structure of the data type, described in detail
later in this document, uses a variant on Huffman encoding to represent the
path from the root of a tree to a particular node in that tree. For more
information about Huffman encoding, see <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=149033">[IRE-MRC]</a>.</p>

<p>CLR UDTs can represent any type defined by the user. The
user implements a CLR UDT as a structure by using the CLR type system. The
binary format of a CLR UDT depends on two factors. The first factor is the CLR
UDT’s internal structure, as defined by the user. The second factor is the
serialization format also chosen by the user. To decode the binary format of a
CLR UDT, it is necessary to know these two properties of the CLR UDT.</p>

<p>The user implementing CLR UDTs can include primitive types
and other structures. The structures can include other CLR UDTs. The set of
types available for fields might be limited, depending on the serialization
format chosen by the user.</p>

<p>The user can choose between two available serialization
formats: protocol server native UDT serialization, and user-defined UDT
serialization. Protocol server native UDT serialization is designed for simple
CLR UDTs that have a simple structure and use only a specified set of simple
primitive types. User-defined UDT serialization is more flexible and enables
users to define complex and more dynamic CLR UDTs.</p>

<p>To learn more about CLR UDTs, see <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=865280">[MSDN-CLRUDT]</a>.</p>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>