<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>2.2.4.186 SystemSetting</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="2.2.4.186 SystemSetting"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="[MS-SSMDSWS-15]: SystemSetting"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="3b529b8a-3d24-4bed-bb1e-ba565e7b5d9d"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="3b529b8a-3d24-4bed-bb1e-ba565e7b5d9d"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="[MS-SSMDSWS-15]: SystemSetting" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.186 SystemSetting</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p>The <b>SystemSetting</b> complex type specifies a single
setting within the MDM system. It is recommended that this setting is a member
of a <a href="d8d25100-e22f-494d-b866-bb997e2a856b.md">SystemSettingGroup</a>.</p>

<p>The following is the XML schema definition of the <b>SystemSetting</b>
complex type.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> &lt;xs:complexType name=&quot;SystemSetting&quot; xmlns:xs=&quot;http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xs:complexContent mixed=&quot;false&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xs:extension xmlns:q999=&quot;http://schemas.microsoft.com/sqlserver/masterdataservices/2009/09&quot; base=&quot;q999:MetadataDataContractOfIdentifier&quot;&gt;
       &lt;xs:sequence&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DataType&quot; type=&quot;q999:AttributeDataType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;Description&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xs:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DisplayName&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xs:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;DisplaySequence&quot; type=&quot;xs:int&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;IsVisible&quot; type=&quot;xs:boolean&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;MaxValue&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xs:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;MinValue&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xs:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SettingType&quot; type=&quot;q999:AttributeType&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SettingValue&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;xs:string&quot; /&gt;
         &lt;xs:element minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; name=&quot;SystemDomainList&quot; nillable=&quot;true&quot; type=&quot;q999:SystemDomainList&quot; /&gt;
       &lt;/xs:sequence&gt;
     &lt;/xs:extension&gt;
   &lt;/xs:complexContent&gt;
 &lt;/xs:complexType&gt;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>DataType</b>: Specifies the data type of the attribute.
This element is used to validate the setting value.</p>

<p><b>Description</b>: Specifies the string that
represents the long description of the setting.</p>

<p><b>DisplayName</b>: Specifies the string that
represents the short name of the setting. This element is human-readable and
suitable for presentation to a user.</p>

<p><b>DisplaySequence</b>: Specifies an integer that
represents the preferred order of display of the setting.</p>

<p><b>IsVisible</b>: Specifies whether the setting is
visible in the MDS configuration screen.</p>

<p><b>MaxValue</b>: Specifies a string that constrains
the maximum possible value for the setting.</p>

<p><b>MinValue</b>: Specifies a string that constrains
the minimum possible value for the setting.</p>

<p><b>SettingType</b>: Specifies the setting type. It is
used to validate the SettingValue.</p>

<p><b>SettingValue</b>: Specifies the string value of
the setting. This element is constrained by other properties, such as <b>DataType</b>,
<b>MinValue</b>, <b>MaxValue</b>, <b>SettingType</b>, and <b>SystemDomainList</b>.
Additionally, <b>SettingType</b> and <b>SystemDomainList</b> are used to
validate this element. This element MUST be in the domain if the value of <b>SettingType</b>
is &quot;Domain&quot;.</p>

<p><b>SystemDomainList</b>: Specifies the list of
standard text choices. This element is present only if <b>SettingType</b> is
&quot;Domain&quot;.</p>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>