<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>1.1 Glossary</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="1.1 Glossary"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="[MS-SSSO]: Glossary"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="20049766-3c6e-4f20-a20e-64785e88f6f2"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="20049766-3c6e-4f20-a20e-64785e88f6f2"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="[MS-SSSO]: Glossary" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">1.1 Glossary</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p>This document uses the following terms:</p>

<p><a id="gt_e467d927-17bf-49c9-98d1-96ddf61ddd90"><b>Active Directory</b>: A
general-purpose network directory service. </a><a href="20049766-3c6e-4f20-a20e-64785e88f6f2.md#gt_e467d927-17bf-49c9-98d1-96ddf61ddd90">Active Directory</a> also
refers to the Windows implementation of a directory service. <a href="20049766-3c6e-4f20-a20e-64785e88f6f2.md#gt_e467d927-17bf-49c9-98d1-96ddf61ddd90">Active Directory</a> stores
information about a variety of objects in the network. User accounts, computer
accounts, groups, and all related credential information used by the Windows
implementation of Kerberos are stored in <a href="20049766-3c6e-4f20-a20e-64785e88f6f2.md#gt_e467d927-17bf-49c9-98d1-96ddf61ddd90">Active Directory</a>. <a href="20049766-3c6e-4f20-a20e-64785e88f6f2.md#gt_e467d927-17bf-49c9-98d1-96ddf61ddd90">Active Directory</a> is either
deployed as Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS) or Active Directory
Lightweight Directory Services (AD LDS). <mshelp:link keywords="d2435927-0999-4c62-8c6d-13ba31a52e1a" tabindex="0">[MS-ADTS]</mshelp:link>
describes both forms. For more information, see <mshelp:link keywords="953d700a-57cb-4cf7-b0c3-a64f34581cc9" tabindex="0">[MS-AUTHSOD]</mshelp:link>
section 1.1.1.5.2, Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) versions 2 and
3, Kerberos, and DNS.</p>

<p><a id="gt_3f8f73d9-c597-447c-b67e-47ec9930a916"><b>analysis server</b>: A server
that supports high performance and complex analytics for business intelligence
applications.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_854253ea-e95f-40bb-9e99-cf5b1298db20"><b>common language runtime (CLR)</b>:
The core runtime engine in the Microsoft .NET Framework for executing
applications. The common language runtime supplies managed code with services
such as cross-language integration, code access security, object lifetime
management, and debugging and profiling support.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_cdd92241-e9af-4c1f-af49-76373626468f"><b>complex event processing
(CEP)</b>: The continuous and incremental processing of event streams from
multiple sources, based on declarative query and pattern specifications with
near-zero latency.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_03a9d0ca-2f10-4f3d-b910-052714a96f7d"><b>connection string</b>: A
series of arguments, delimited by a semicolon, that defines the location of a
database and how to connect to it.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_e35646bd-5296-4877-9d38-c5939888423a"><b>ODBC application</b>: An
application that uses </a><a href="20049766-3c6e-4f20-a20e-64785e88f6f2.md#gt_7883fa02-8dc0-4154-894f-fe3a7bff153e">Open
Database Connectivity (ODBC)</a> to access data sources.</p>

<p><a id="gt_333f4fb1-4882-48df-bce6-f9961b408f31"><b>OLE DB</b>: A set of
interfaces that are based on the Component Object Model (COM) programming model
and expose data from a variety of sources. These interfaces support the amount
of Database Management System (DBMS) functionality that is appropriate for a
data store and they enable a data store to share data.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_c9ba6694-bd6b-4571-991a-15522757f9ae"><b>OLE DB consumer</b>: A software
component that requests information through a set of OLE DB interfaces.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_9a7e677f-b492-4893-b192-7034d9ad5851"><b>OLE DB provider</b>: A
software component that returns information to an OLE DB consumer through a set
of OLE DB interfaces. Each provider exposes data access to a particular type of
data source.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_055c223a-52f1-4d41-b95b-d7c60eaa388f"><b>Online Analytical Processing
(OLAP)</b>: A technology that uses multidimensional structures to provide
access to data for analysis. The source data for OLAP is stored in data
warehouses in a relational database. See also cube.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_7883fa02-8dc0-4154-894f-fe3a7bff153e"><b>Open Database Connectivity
(ODBC)</b>: A standard software API method for accessing data that is stored in
a variety of proprietary personal computer, minicomputer, and mainframe
databases. It is an implementation of </a><a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=223900">[ISO/IEC9075-3:2008]</a>
and provides extensions to that standard.</p>

<p><a id="gt_8a7f6700-8311-45bc-af10-82e10accd331"><b>remote procedure call (RPC)</b>:
A communication protocol used primarily between client and server. The term has
three definitions that are often used interchangeably: a runtime environment
providing for communication facilities between computers (the RPC runtime); a
set of request-and-response message exchanges between computers (the RPC
exchange); and the single message from an RPC exchange (the RPC message).  For
more information, see </a><a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=89824">[C706]</a>.</p>

<p><a id="gt_cbdd3a12-e9ec-43e2-ac97-9c47f171f96a"><b>report server</b>: A location
on the network to which clients can connect by using SOAP over HTTP or SOAP
over HTTPS to publish, manage, and execute reports.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_0cd96b80-a737-4f06-bca4-cf9efb449d12"><b>session</b>: A collection of
state information on a directory server. An implementation of the SOAP session
extensions (SSE) is free to choose the state information to store in a session.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_c1c313af-2310-4380-a6ea-c2cedc115958"><b>SOAP</b>: A lightweight
protocol for exchanging structured information in a decentralized, distributed
environment. </a><a href="20049766-3c6e-4f20-a20e-64785e88f6f2.md#gt_c1c313af-2310-4380-a6ea-c2cedc115958">SOAP</a>
uses XML technologies to define an extensible messaging framework, which
provides a message construct that can be exchanged over a variety of underlying
protocols. The framework has been designed to be independent of any particular
programming model and other implementation-specific semantics. SOAP 1.2
supersedes SOAP 1.1. See <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=90521">[SOAP1.2-1/2003]</a>.</p>

<p><a id="gt_f3529cd8-50da-4f36-aa0b-66af455edbb6"><b>stream</b>: A sequence of
bytes written to a file on the target file system. Every file stored on a
volume that uses the file system contains at least one </a><a href="20049766-3c6e-4f20-a20e-64785e88f6f2.md#gt_f3529cd8-50da-4f36-aa0b-66af455edbb6">stream</a>, which is normally
used to store the primary contents of the file. Additional <a href="20049766-3c6e-4f20-a20e-64785e88f6f2.md#gt_f3529cd8-50da-4f36-aa0b-66af455edbb6">streams</a> within the file can
be used to store file attributes, application parameters, or other information
specific to that file. Every file has a default data <a href="20049766-3c6e-4f20-a20e-64785e88f6f2.md#gt_f3529cd8-50da-4f36-aa0b-66af455edbb6">stream</a>, which is unnamed by
default. That data <a href="20049766-3c6e-4f20-a20e-64785e88f6f2.md#gt_f3529cd8-50da-4f36-aa0b-66af455edbb6">stream</a>,
and any other data <a href="20049766-3c6e-4f20-a20e-64785e88f6f2.md#gt_f3529cd8-50da-4f36-aa0b-66af455edbb6">stream</a>
associated with a file, can optionally be named.</p>

<p><a id="gt_8a60c161-3d26-4379-9a9f-85d8aebb7496"><b>Transact-SQL</b>: The
Microsoft proprietary version of SQL, the structured query language.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_b08d36f6-b5c6-4ce4-8d2d-6f2ab75ea4cb"><b>Transmission Control Protocol
(TCP)</b>: A protocol used with the Internet Protocol (IP) to send data in the
form of message units between computers over the Internet. TCP handles keeping
track of the individual units of data (called packets) that a message is
divided into for efficient routing through the Internet.</a></p>

<p><a id="gt_10a36f2b-2a1d-4d7f-b57d-261afca73727"><b>user-defined type (UDT)</b>:
User-defined types can extend the scalar type system of the protocol server
database, enabling storage of </a><a href="20049766-3c6e-4f20-a20e-64785e88f6f2.md#gt_854253ea-e95f-40bb-9e99-cf5b1298db20">common language runtime</a>
objects in a protocol server database. UDTs can contain multiple elements, and
they can have behaviors to differentiate them from the traditional alias data
types that consist of a single protocol server system data type.</p>

<p><a id="gt_a96bfb18-c329-40f5-89fd-df7a94b89882"><b>web service</b>: A software
system designed to support interoperable machine-to-machine interaction over a
network, using XML-based standards and open transport protocols.</a></p>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>