<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>1 Introduction</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="1 Introduction"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="[MS-SSSO]: Introduction"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="2d6e4b82-d376-40d2-adf7-b9b045dabe18"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="2d6e4b82-d376-40d2-adf7-b9b045dabe18"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="[MS-SSSO]: Introduction" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">1 Introduction</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p>The SQL Server System Overview document provides an overview
of the client and server protocols that are used by Microsoft SQL Server. This
document covers protocols that are commonly shared by SQL Server components and
those protocols that are used only by specific components. Where appropriate,
this document describes the relationships between protocols and provides
example scenarios to show how they are used.</p>

<p>SQL Server is a data platform that includes several data
management and analysis technologies. This document covers those elements of
the platform that require protocols that interoperate.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><a href="17748f36-32b5-438a-b6dc-d97b2440419b.md">Master Data
Services</a>: The Master Data Services (MDS) service and API provide a
service-oriented design architecture (SOA) that encapsulates and modularizes
the internal workings of SQL Server, in addition to a standard API to interact
and integrate with SQL Server Master Data Services. The SQL Server MDS
framework ensures that the internal functions of the product are better
modularized to support both an API and a modular component development. For
more information, see <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=786411">[MSDN-MDS]</a>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><a href="b8cd0329-a513-42bc-98fa-16e19836954a.md">Reporting
Services</a>: Reporting Services delivers enterprise, web-enabled reporting
functionality for creating reports that draw content from a variety of data
sources, for publishing reports in various formats, and for centrally managing
security and subscriptions. For more information, see <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=152499">[MSDN-SSRS]</a>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><a href="e8ec30a5-3c27-478b-9921-74e0d4d7f12b.md">Analysis
Services</a>: Analysis Services supports high performance analytical
applications by enabling an implementer to design, create, manage, and query
Multidimensional and Tabular data models. For more information, see <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=167833">[MSDN-ASMD]</a>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><a href="cebb1dbf-9d7c-4732-bcbf-62ee147c41da.md">Database
Engine</a>: The Database Engine is the core service for storing, processing,
and securing data. The Database Engine provides controlled access and rapid
transaction processing to meet the requirements of the most demanding
data-consuming applications within an enterprise. The Database Engine also
provides rich support for sustaining high availability. For more information,
see <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=167834">[MSDN-SSDBEng]</a>.
</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><a href="21a43505-90d4-4ac3-9775-704eebd3fbd0.md">Complex event
processing</a>: <a href="20049766-3c6e-4f20-a20e-64785e88f6f2.md#gt_cdd92241-e9af-4c1f-af49-76373626468f">Complex
event processing (CEP)</a> is the continuous and incremental processing of
event (data) <a href="20049766-3c6e-4f20-a20e-64785e88f6f2.md#gt_f3529cd8-50da-4f36-aa0b-66af455edbb6">streams</a>
from multiple sources based on declarative query and pattern specifications
with near-zero latency. The goal is to identify meaningful patterns,
relationships, and data abstractions from among seemingly unrelated events and
to trigger immediate response actions. Typical event stream sources include
data from manufacturing applications, financial trading applications, web
analytics, and operational analytics. The CEP Engine provides a dedicated web
service to handle requests from client applications for managing the system.</p>

</li></ul><p>To deliver these functionalities, SQL Server uses seven
major sets of protocols:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Network connectivity and application development</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Master Data Services </p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Reporting Services</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Analysis Services </p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Database Engine</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Complex event processing engine</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Manageability</p>

</li></ul><p>This document provides an overview of the protocols that can
be used by one or more of the SQL Server products that are listed in <a href="ef572ed5-2e0f-4dfa-958c-2c5812422e6e.md">Microsoft Implementations
(section 4)</a>. Specific release information for each protocol is indicated in
the individual technical specifications only, unless otherwise indicated in the
summary information provided in section <a href="c527958f-2ed4-468b-a4c7-e3cee03bdbd5.md">2.2</a>.</p>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>