<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>2.5.3.4.1 CreateSecurityDescriptor</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="2.5.3.4.1 CreateSecurityDescriptor"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="[MS-DTYP]: CreateSecurityDescriptor"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="98267ad6-66db-4a2c-972e-efb7d4603da1"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="98267ad6-66db-4a2c-972e-efb7d4603da1"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="[MS-DTYP]: CreateSecurityDescriptor" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">2.5.3.4.1 CreateSecurityDescriptor</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p>This is the top-level routine that assembles the
contributions from the parent security descriptor and the creator descriptor
and possibly the default <b>DACL</b> from the token.  This is fairly
high-level, and relies primarily upon the subroutine <a href="7c59604a-945c-4f6f-a706-1cbb80041e83.html">ComputeACL</a>, specified in
section 2.5.3.4.2.</p>

<p><b>Parameters</b></p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>ParentDescriptor</i>: Security descriptor for the parent
(container) object of the new object. If the object has no parent, this
parameter is null.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>CreatorDescriptor</i>: Security descriptor for the new object
provided by the creator of the object. Caller can pass null.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>IsContainerObject</i>: <a href="51bbfbb1-08e2-4c13-a95e-1eaa7d310670.html">BOOLEAN</a>: TRUE when the
object is a container; otherwise, FALSE.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>ObjectTypes</i>: An array of pointers to <a href="a66edeb1-52a0-4d64-a93b-2f5c833d7d92.html#gt_f49694cc-c350-462d-ab8e-816f0103c6c1">GUID</a> structures that
identify the object types or classes of the object associated with
NewDescriptor (the return value). For Active Directory objects, this array
contains pointers to the class GUIDs of the object's structural class and all
attached auxiliary classes. If the object for which this descriptor is being
created does not have a GUID, this field MUST be set to null.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>AutoInheritFlags</i>: A set of bit flags that control how <a href="d06e5a81-176e-46c6-9cf7-9137aad4455e.html">access control entries (ACEs)</a>
are inherited from <i>ParentDescriptor</i>. This parameter can be a combination
of the following values:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>DACL_AUTO_INHERIT:
If set, inheritable ACEs from the parent security descriptor <b>DACL</b> are
merged with the explicit ACEs in the <i>CreatorDescriptor</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>SACL_AUTO_INHERIT:
If set, inheritable ACEs from the parent security descriptor <b>SACL</b> are
merged with the explicit ACEs in the <i>CreatorDescriptor</i>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>DEFAULT_DESCRIPTOR_FOR_OBJECT:
Selects the <i>CreatorDescriptor</i> as the default security descriptor
provided that no object type specific ACEs are inherited from the parent. If
such ACEs do get inherited, <i>CreatorDescriptor</i> is ignored.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>DEFAULT_OWNER_FROM_PARENT:
Relevant only when the owner field is not specified in <i>CreatorDescriptor</i>.
If this flag is set, the owner field in <i>NewDescriptor</i> is set to the
owner of <i>ParentDescriptor</i>. If not set, the owner from the token is
selected.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>DEFAULT_GROUP_FROM_PARENT:
Relevant only when the primary group field is not specified in <i>CreatorDescriptor</i>.
If this flag is set, the primary group of <i>NewDescriptor</i> is set to the
primary group of <i>ParentDescriptor</i>. If not set, the default group from
the token is selected.</p>

</li></ul></li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>Token</i>: Authorization context supplied that contains the
ownership information as well as the default <b>DACL</b> if the default <b>DACL</b>
is necessary.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>GenericMapping</i>: Mapping of generic permissions to resource
manager-specific permissions supplied by the caller.</p>

</li></ul><p><b>Returns</b></p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><i>NewDescriptor</i>: Output security descriptor for the object computed
by the algorithm.</p>

<div><pre> // Step 1:Compute the Owner field. If there is no specified owner, 
 // then determine an appropriate owner.
 IF CreatorDescriptor.Owner is NULL THEN
  
     IF AutoInheritFlags contains DEFAULT_OWNER_FROM_PARENT THEN
         Set NewDescriptor.Owner to ParentDescriptor.Owner
     ELSE
         Set NewDescriptor.Owner to Token.SIDs[Token.OwnerIndex]
     ENDIF
  
 ELSE
     Set NewDescriptor.Owner to CreatorDescriptor.Owner
 ENDIF
  
 // Step 2:Compute the Group field. If there is no specified groups,
 // then determine the appropriate group.
  
 IF CreatorDescriptor.Group is NULL THEN
  
     IF AutoInheritFlags contains DEFAULT_GROUP_FROM_PARENT THEN
         Set NewDescriptor.Group to ParentDescriptor.Group
     ELSE
         Set NewDescriptor.Group to Token.SIDs[Token.PrimaryGroup]
     ENDIF
  
 ELSE
     Set NewDescriptor.Group to CreatorDescriptor.Group
 ENDIF
  
 // Step 3:Compute the DACL
  
 CALL ComputeACL WITH
       ComputeType set to COMPUTE_DACL, 
       ParentACL set to ParentDescriptor.DACL, 
       AuthoInheritFlags set to AutoInheritFlags,
       ParentControl set to ParentDescriptor.Control,
       CreatorACL set to CreatorDescriptor.DACL,
       CreatorControl set to CreatorDescriptor.Control
       IsContainerObject set to IsContainerObject,
       ObjectTypes set to ObjectTypes, 
       GenericMapping set to GenericMapping,
       Owner set to NewDescriptor.Owner, 
       Group set to NewDescriptor.Group, 
       Token set to Token
 RETURNING NewDACL, NewControl
  
 Set NewDescriptor.DACL to NewDACL
 Set NewDescriptor.Control to NewControl
  
 // Step 4:Compute the SACL
  
 CALL ComputeACL WITH
  
       ComputeType set to COMPUTE_SACL,
       ParentACL set to ParentDescriptor.SACL,
       AutoInheritFlags set to AutoInheritFlags,
       ParentControl set to ParentDescriptor.Control,
       CreatorACL set to CreatorDescriptor.SACL,
       CreatorControl set to CreatorDescriptor.Control,
       IsContainerObject set to IsContainerObject,
       ObjectTypes set to ObjectTypes,
       GenericMapping set to GenericMapping,
       Owner set to NewDescriptor.Owner,
       Group set to NewDescriptor.Group,
       Token set to Token
 RETURNING NewSACL, NewControl
  
 Set NewDescriptor.SACL to NewSACL
 Set NewDescriptor.Control to (NewDescriptor.Control OR NewControl)
  
 RETURN NewDescriptor
 // END CreateSecurityDescriptor
  
</pre></div>

</li></ul>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>