<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>2.5.2 Token/Authorization Context</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="2.5.2 Token/Authorization Context"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="[MS-DTYP]: Token/Authorization Context"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="efc83c32-5275-4dff-a3e2-973c9624711b"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="efc83c32-5275-4dff-a3e2-973c9624711b"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="[MS-DTYP]: Token/Authorization Context" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">2.5.2 Token/Authorization Context</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p>For a server implementation of an authenticated protocol,
the result of the authentication produces a variety of data. Some of the data
is related to the authentication protocol, such as keys for encrypted
communication, and is covered in the relevant authentication protocol
specification. Additionally, after the identity of the client is determined,
additional data corresponding to authorization of the client to the server is
derived. This additional information can be from the domain controller,
server-local information, or a combination of the two, depending on
implementation choices. This additional information is termed an authorization
context.</p>

<p>The authorization context, also referred to as a Token, is a
collection of the groups associated with the client principal, as well as
additional optional policy information. The authorization context is central to
determining access through the evaluation of a security descriptor, as shown in
section <a href="7e05ef44-a9c4-436a-a380-54ab92ea2f4b.md">2.5.3</a>. Note
that the Token is never passed directly across the network; tokens are local
information and the actual representation is up to the implementation. This
Token is represented as an abstract data structure as follows:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>Sids[]</b>: An array of <a href="78eb9013-1c3a-4970-ad1f-2b1dad588a25.md">SIDs</a> that indicate the SID
of the user account, the SIDs of all groups to which the user belongs, and SIDs
that indicate contextual information such as logon type. The Sids[] array
always contains at least the SID of the account; it is an error to have an
empty set. The order of the SIDs is not specified, nor is it required that the
array be treated logically as a set of SIDs. For the purposes of this document,
the SIDs can be considered instances of the <a href="5cb97814-a1c2-4215-b7dc-76d1f4bfad01.md">RPC_SID</a> structure.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>UserClaims[]</b>: An optional array of <a href="21f2b5f0-7376-45bb-bc31-eaa60841dbe9.md">CLAIM_SECURITY_ATTRIBUTE_RELATIVE_V1</a>
(defined in section 2.4.10.1) which have been issued to the user. The
UserClaims[] array can be empty. The order of the Claims is not specified or
required.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>LocalClaims[]</b>: An optional array of
CLAIM_SECURITY_ATTRIBUTE_RELATIVE_V1 (defined in section 2.4.10.1) which have
been issued to the authenticated principal. The LocalClaims[] array can be
empty. The order of the Claims is not specified or required.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>Privileges[]</b>: An array of <a href="48cbee2a-0790-45f2-8269-931d7083b2c3.md">LUIDs</a> that is a set of
administrative or security-relevant privileges associated with this
authorization context. A set of logical privileges associated with the user,
the privileges are administrative or security relevant in nature. It might be
convenient to an implementation to represent a privilege as a LUID.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>DeviceSids[]</b>: An optional array of SIDs that indicate the
SID of the account of the computer which the user is connecting from, the SIDs
of all groups to which that computer account belongs, and SIDs that indicate
contextual information such as logon type. If the DeviceSids[] array is
present, it always contains at least the SID of the computer account. The order
of the SIDs is neither specified nor required. For the purposes of this
document, the SIDs can be considered instances of the RPC_SID structure.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>DeviceClaims[]</b>: An optional array of
CLAIM_SECURITY_ATTRIBUTE_RELATIVE_V1 (defined in section 2.4.10.1) which have
been issued to the account of the computer which the user is connecting from.
The DeviceClaims[] array can be empty. The order of the DeviceClaims is not
specified or required.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>UserIndex</b>: An unsigned __int32 that is an index into the <b>Sids[]</b>
array that indicates which SID is the SID that represents the user account.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>OwnerIndex</b>: An unsigned __int32 that is an index into the <b>Sids[]</b>
array that indicates which SID to assign as the owner for new objects. This
value is determined by local policy in an implementation-specific manner.
Ownership is often used, by way of example, for accounting for file storage
space on a file server. This value can be the same as the UserIndex attribute,
but is not required to be; this allows, for example, quota or ownership of
objects to be assigned to groups rather than individuals.<a id="Appendix_A_Target_90"></a><a href="11e1608c-6169-4fbc-9c33-373fc9b224f4.md#Appendix_A_90" aria-label="Product behavior note 90">&lt;90&gt;</a></p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>PrimaryGroup</b>: An unsigned __int32 that is an index into
the <b>Sids[]</b> array that indicates which SID to use as the primary group of
the user.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>DefaultDACL</b>: A <b>DACL</b>, as defined in section <a href="20233ed8-a6c6-4097-aafa-dd545ed24428.md">2.4.5</a>, that can be applied
to new objects when there is no parent security descriptor for inheritance and
no explicit new security descriptor was supplied by the client. </p>

</li></ul><p>An Authorization context can optionally include mandatory integrity
information and policy. This is not required for all instances, and can depend
on the ability of the authentication protocol used to carry the necessary
information. If an implementation also chooses to implement mandatory integrity
in the same way as Windows does, the following additional fields are necessary.</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>IntegrityLevelSID</b>: A separate SID, not used for general
access decisions like the Sids[] array above, that indicates the mandatory
integrity level of this principal.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span><b>MandatoryPolicy</b>: An unsigned __int32, the access policy
for principals with a mandatory integrity level lower than the object
associated with the <b>SACL</b> that contains this <a href="d06e5a81-176e-46c6-9cf7-9137aad4455e.md">ACE</a>. The possible values
of this field are the same as those specified for the <b>Policy</b> field of <a href="de8373ec-206f-4dc8-b3fe-c638fed7b282.md">TOKEN_MANDATORY_POLICY (section 2.4.8)</a>.</p>

</li></ul><p><b>Note</b>  For more information about tokens in
Windows, see <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=89949">[MSDN-ACCTOKENS]</a>.</p>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>