<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>2.3.2 EVENT_HEADER</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="2.3.2 EVENT_HEADER"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="[MS-DTYP]: EVENT_HEADER"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="fa4f7836-06ee-4ab6-8688-386a5a85f8c5"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="fa4f7836-06ee-4ab6-8688-386a5a85f8c5"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="[MS-DTYP]: EVENT_HEADER" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">2.3.2 EVENT_HEADER</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p>The EVENT_HEADER structure defines the main parameters of an
event.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre> typedef struct _EVENT_HEADER {
   USHORT Size;
   USHORT HeaderType;
   USHORT Flags;
   USHORT EventProperty;
   ULONG ThreadId;
   ULONG ProcessId;
   LARGE_INTEGER TimeStamp;
   GUID ProviderId;
   EVENT_DESCRIPTOR EventDescriptor;
   union {
     struct {
       ULONG KernelTime;
       ULONG UserTime;
     };
     ULONG64 ProcessorTime;
   };
   GUID ActivityId;
 } EVENT_HEADER,
  *PEVENT_HEADER;
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>Size:</b>  Size of the event record, in
bytes.</p>

<p><b>HeaderType:</b>  Reserved.</p>

<p><b>Flags:</b>  Flags that provide
information about the event such as the type of session it was logged to and
whether the event contains extended data. This member can contain one or more
of the following flags.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<table>
 <thead>
  <tr>
   <th>
   <p>Value</p>
   </th>
   <th>
   <p>Meaning</p>
   </th>
  </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>EVENT_HEADER_FLAG_EXTENDED_INFO</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>The ExtendedData member of the event record contains
  data.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>EVENT_HEADER_FLAG_PRIVATE_SESSION</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>The event was logged to a private session.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>EVENT_HEADER_FLAG_STRING_ONLY</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p> The event data is a null-terminated Unicode string.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>EVENT_HEADER_FLAG_TRACE_MESSAGE</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>The provider used an implementation-specific trace
  message function to log the event.Typically indicates that the event was
  written by the Windows software trace preprocessor.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>EVENT_HEADER_FLAG_NO_CPUTIME</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Indicates that elapsed execution time was not
  recorded; the <b>ProcessorTime</b> member can be used to determine the
  elapsed execution time.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>EVENT_HEADER_FLAG_32_BIT_HEADER</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Indicates that the provider was running on a 32-bit
  computer or in a WOW64 session.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>EVENT_HEADER_FLAG_64_BIT_HEADER</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Indicates that the provider was running on a 64-bit
  computer.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>EVENT_HEADER_FLAG_CLASSIC_HEADER</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Indicates that provider used a trace event function to
  log the event.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
</table>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>EventProperty:</b>  Indicates the source
to use for parsing the event data.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<table>
 <thead>
  <tr>
   <th>
   <p>Value</p>
   </th>
   <th>
   <p>Meaning</p>
   </th>
  </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>EVENT_HEADER_PROPERTY_XML</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Indicates that you need a manifest to parse the event
  data.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>EVENT_HEADER_PROPERTY_FORWARDED_XML</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Indicates that the event data contains within itself a
  fully rendered XML description of the data, so you do not need a manifest to
  parse the event data.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>EVENT_HEADER_PROPERTY_LEGACY_EVENTLOG</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Indicates that you need a WMI MOF class to parse the
  event data.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
</table>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>ThreadId:</b>  Identifies the thread
that generated the event.</p>

<p><b>ProcessId:</b>  Identifies the process
that generated the event.</p>

<p><b>TimeStamp:</b>  Contains the time that
the event occurred. The resolution is system time unless the <b>ProcessTraceMode</b>
member of EVENT_TRACE_LOGFILE contains the PROCESS_TRACE_MODE_RAW_TIMESTAMP
flag, in which case the resolution depends on the value of the <b>Wnode.ClientContext</b>
member of EVENT_TRACE_PROPERTIES at the time the controller created the
session.</p>

<p><b>ProviderId:</b>  GUID that uniquely
identifies the provider that logged the event.</p>

<p><b>EventDescriptor:</b>  Defines
information about the event such as the event identifier and severity level.</p>

<p><b>KernelTime:</b>  Elapsed execution time
for kernel-mode instructions, in CPU time units. For private sessions, the
value in the <b>ProcessorTime</b> member can be used instead.</p>

<p><b>UserTime:</b>  Elapsed execution time
for user-mode instructions, in CPU time units. For private sessions, the value
in the <b>ProcessorTime</b> member can be used instead.</p>

<p><b>ProcessorTime:</b>  For private
sessions, the elapsed execution time for user-mode instructions, in CPU ticks.</p>

<p><b>ActivityId:</b>  Identifier that relates
two events.</p>

<p>The <b>KernelTime</b> and <b>UserTime</b> members can be
used to determine the CPU cost in units for a set of instructions (the values
indicate the CPU usage charged to that thread at the time of logging). For
example, if Event A and Event B are consecutively logged by the same thread and
they have CPU usage numbers 150 and 175, then the activity that was performed
by that thread between events A and B cost 25 CPU time units (175 – 150).</p>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>