<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>2.2.2.2.1.1.3 sqlbatchResult.SqlMessage</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="2.2.2.2.1.1.3 sqlbatchResult.SqlMessage"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="[MS-SSNWS]: sqlbatchResult.SqlMessage"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="df56728d-f80a-4d95-88e3-569c327335b2"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="df56728d-f80a-4d95-88e3-569c327335b2"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="[MS-SSNWS]: sqlbatchResult.SqlMessage" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">2.2.2.2.1.1.3 sqlbatchResult.SqlMessage</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p><b>sqlbatchResponse.sqlbatchResult.SqlMessage</b>:
This element of complex type <b>SqlMessage</b> describes the portion of the
response representing a SQL Server message. This includes server-generated
error messages, notifications and user-defined messages. The <b>SqlMessage</b>
type is defined under the
&quot;http://schemas.microsoft.com/sqlserver/2004/SOAP/types/SqlMessage&quot;
namespace as the following.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre>            
 &lt;xsd:complexType name=&quot;SqlMessage&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xsd:sequence minOccurs=&quot;1&quot; maxOccurs=&quot;1&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xsd:element name=&quot;Class&quot; 
 type=&quot;sqlmessage:nonNegativeInteger&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xsd:element name=&quot;LineNumber&quot; 
 type=&quot;sqlmessage:nonNegativeInteger&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xsd:element name=&quot;Message&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xsd:element name=&quot;Number&quot; 
 type=&quot;sqlmessage:nonNegativeInteger&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xsd:element name=&quot;Procedure&quot; 
 type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xsd:element name=&quot;Server&quot; 
 type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; minOccurs=&quot;0&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xsd:element name=&quot;Source&quot; type=&quot;xsd:string&quot; /&gt;
     &lt;xsd:element name=&quot;State&quot; 
 type=&quot;sqlmessage:nonNegativeInteger&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;/xsd:sequence&gt;
 &lt;/xsd:complexType&gt;
            
 &lt;xsd:simpleType name=&quot;nonNegativeInteger&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xsd:restriction base=&quot;xsd:int&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xsd:minInclusive value=&quot;0&quot; /&gt;
   &lt;/xsd:restriction&gt;
 &lt;/xsd:simpleType&gt;
            
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>SqlMessage.Class</b>: This required element of
simple type <b>nonNegativeInteger</b> describes the severity level of the
server message. The range of values is defined by the server and subject to
change, but it MUST be of type XML int. Refer to <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=149276">[MSDN-DEES]</a> for
details on the range of values defined by the server.</p>

<p><b>SqlMessage.LineNumber</b>: This required element
of simple type <b>nonNegativeInteger</b> describes the line number in the query
that generated the server message. The value range is from 0 to 2147483647.</p>

<p><b>SqlMessage.Message</b>: This required element of
string type describes the text of the server message.</p>

<p><b>SqlMessage.Number</b>: This required element of
simple type <b>nonNegativeInteger</b> describes the identity number of the
server message. The set of identity numbers is defined by the server. </p>

<p><b>SqlMessage.Procedure</b>: This optional element of
string type describes the name of the server-side method that generated this
server message.</p>

<p><b>SqlMessage.Server</b>: This optional element of
string type describes the name of the server that generated this server
message.</p>

<p><b>SqlMessage.Source</b>: This required element of
string type describes the name of the source that generated this server
message.<a id="Appendix_A_Target_1"></a><a href="e56c5b72-2f3e-4fdd-9e51-2e586325ca89.htm#Appendix_A_1" aria-label="Product behavior note 1">&lt;1&gt;</a></p>

<p><b>SqlMessage.State</b>: This required element of
simple type <b>nonNegativeInteger</b> describes the server state that generated
the server message. Some messages apply to multiple server scenarios and this
state number is used to identify the scenario that generated the message. The set
of state numbers is defined by the server. The value range is from 0 to
2147483647.</p>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>