<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>2.2.4.1.1 SqlParameter</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="2.2.4.1.1 SqlParameter"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="[MS-SSNWS]: SqlParameter"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="108b52bb-d2f2-4735-b7db-2fa957c83faa"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="108b52bb-d2f2-4735-b7db-2fa957c83faa"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="[MS-SSNWS]: SqlParameter" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">2.2.4.1.1 SqlParameter</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p><b>SqlParameter</b>: This complex type element
defines the individual parameters that are associated with a query. When
specified as part of the sqlbatchSoapIn <a href="4baedaec-b5a7-4176-be88-e1cec659ab8c.md#gt_d5ccdf11-3f53-4118-a845-dfaca61838fb">WSDL message</a>, this element
represents an input parameter. The properties of the input parameter are
defined by the various attributes and subelements that are associated with this
element. When specified as part of the sqlbatchSoapOut WSDL message, this
element represents an output parameter. The properties of the output parameter
are defined by the various attributes and subelements that are associated with
this element.</p>

<p><b>SqlParameter.name</b>: This string type attribute
MUST exist if a <b>SqlParameter</b> element is specified. This attribute is
used to specify the name of the parameter. The value of this attribute is
limited to 127 characters, which is one less than the maximum number of
characters allowed in a SQL Server identifier; one character is reserved
for the parameter name’s implied &quot;@&quot; character.</p>

<p><b>SqlParameter.sqlDbType</b>: This enumeration
simple type attribute can exist if a <b>SqlParameter</b> element is specified.
This attribute is used to specify the SQL Server data type that the
parameter value MUST be treated as by the server. The default value of this
attribute is &quot;NVarChar&quot;. The set of supported values is defined by
the <b>sqlDbTypeEnum</b> simple type, which is documented in section <a href="8bbeb27b-7c67-433e-a256-98297095706e.md">2.2.5.3</a>.</p>

<p><b>SqlParameter.direction</b>: This enumeration
simple type attribute can exist if a <b>SqlParameter</b> element is specified.
This attribute is used to specify the direction of the parameter. The default
value of this attribute is &quot;Input&quot;. The supported values are listed
in the following table.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<table>
 <thead>
  <tr>
   <th>
   <p>Value</p>
   </th>
   <th>
   <p>Meaning</p>
   </th>
  </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>Input</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>This parameter is an input-only parameter. The server
  will not return any values for this parameter.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>InputOutput</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>This parameter is an input and output parameter. The
  server will return a value for this parameter.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
</table>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>SqlParameter.maxLength</b>: This long type
attribute can exist if a <b>SqlParameter</b> element is specified. The default
value of this attribute is &quot;1&quot;. This attribute is used to specify the
maximum length of the parameter defined by the following <b>sqlDbType</b> data
types.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<table>
 <thead>
  <tr>
   <th>
   <p>sqlDbType</p>
   </th>
   <th>
   <p>Value range</p>
   </th>
  </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>Binary</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>0 – 8000</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>VarBinary</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>-1, 0 – 8000</p>
  <p><b>Note</b>: -1 denotes varbinary (max)</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>Char</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>0 – 8000</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>NChar</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>0 – 4000</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>NVarChar</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>-1, 0 – 4000</p>
  <p><b>Note</b>: -1 denotes nvarchar (max)</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>VarChar</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>-1, 0 – 8000</p>
  <p><b>Note</b>: -1 denotes varchar (max)</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
</table>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>SqlParameter.precision</b>: This unsigned byte
type attribute can exist if a <b>SqlParameter</b> element is specified. The
default value of this attribute is &quot;18&quot;. This attribute is used to
specify the precision of the parameter defined by the following <b>sqlDbType</b>
data types.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<table>
 <thead>
  <tr>
   <th>
   <p>sqlDbType</p>
   </th>
   <th>
   <p>Value range</p>
   </th>
  </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>Decimal</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>0 – 38</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>Float</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>0 – 38</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>Money</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>0 – 3</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>Real</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>0 – 38</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>SmallMoney</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>0 – 3</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
</table>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>SqlParameter.scale</b>: This unsigned byte type
attribute can exist if a <b>SqlParameter</b> element is specified. The default
value of this attribute is &quot;0&quot;. This attribute is used to specify the
scale of the parameter that is defined by the following <b>sqlDbType</b> data
types.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<table>
 <thead>
  <tr>
   <th>
   <p>sqlDbType</p>
   </th>
   <th>
   <p>Value range</p>
   </th>
  </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>Decimal</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>0 – 38</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>Float</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>0 – 38</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p>Real</p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>0 – 38</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
</table>
</dd></dl>

<p><b>SqlParameter.clrTypeName</b>: This string type
attribute can exist if a <b>SqlParameter</b> element is specified. This
attribute is used to specify the name of the common language runtime (CLR) data
type for the parameter when the <b>sqlDbType</b> attribute has a value of
&quot;Udt&quot;. The default value of this attribute is an empty string
(&quot;&quot;). The set of supported values depends on the set of CLR
user-defined type (UDT) values defined in the SQL Server instance. The
full three-part name of the CLR UDT SHOULD be used when specifying this
attribute value.</p>

<p><b>SqlParameter.sqlCompareOptions</b>: This
enumeration simple type attribute can exist if a <b>SqlParameter</b> element is
specified. This attribute is used by SQL Server string data types to
specify how character values are compared and sorted. The default value of this
attribute is &quot;Default&quot;, which defers to the setting defined by the
connected server. The set of supported values is defined by the <b>sqlCompareOptionsList</b>
simple type, described in section <a href="309e74d7-56a7-4ac1-8260-03db68a04cf0.md">2.2.5.1</a>.</p>

<p><b>SqlParameter.localeId</b>: This int type attribute
can exist if a <b>SqlParameter</b> element is specified. This attribute is used
to specify the collation of the parameter character value. The default value of
this attribute is &quot;-1&quot;. A value of &quot;-1&quot; tells the server to
use the locale of the current database. For example, if the parameter is of
data type varchar and the locale is specified as Japanese, the server converts
the parameter’s XML character value to Japanese.</p>

<p><b>Note</b>  Specifying a localeId value
that is different from the current database localeId might cause additional
data conversions, depending on the query.</p>

<p><b>SqlParameter.sqlCollationVersion</b>: This int
type attribute can exist if a <b>SqlParameter</b> element is specified. This
attribute is used by SQL Server string data types to specify the version
of the collation. The default value of this attribute is &quot;0&quot;.<a id="Appendix_A_Target_2"></a><a href="e56c5b72-2f3e-4fdd-9e51-2e586325ca89.md#Appendix_A_2" aria-label="Product behavior note 2">&lt;2&gt;</a></p>

<p><b>SqlParameter.sqlSortId</b>: This int type
attribute can exist if a <b>SqlParameter</b> element is specified. This
attribute is used by SQL Server string data types to specify the
SQL Server sort id. The default value of this attribute is &quot;0&quot;.
The set of supported values is defined by <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=119987">[MSDN-SQLCollation]</a>.</p>

<p><b>SqlParameter.xmlSchemaCollation</b>: This string
type attribute can exist if a <b>SqlParameter</b> element is specified. This
attribute is used to specify the name of the <a href="4baedaec-b5a7-4176-be88-e1cec659ab8c.md#gt_bd0ce6f9-c350-4900-827e-951265294067">XML schema</a> collection of
the parameter when the <b>sqlDbType</b> attribute has a value of
&quot;Xml&quot;. The default value of this attribute is empty string
(&quot;&quot;). The set of supported values depends on the set of XML schema
collections defined in the SQL Server instance. The full three-part name
of the XML schema collection SHOULD be used when specifying this attribute
value.</p>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>