<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>2.2.2.2.1.1.1 sqlbatchResult.SqlRowSet</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="2.2.2.2.1.1.1 sqlbatchResult.SqlRowSet"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="[MS-SSNWS]: sqlbatchResult.SqlRowSet"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="a1d70991-7acd-4672-a507-32b370eb9178"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="a1d70991-7acd-4672-a507-32b370eb9178"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="[MS-SSNWS]: sqlbatchResult.SqlRowSet" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">2.2.2.2.1.1.1 sqlbatchResult.SqlRowSet</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p><b>sqlbatchResponse.sqlbatchResult.SqlRowSet</b>:
This element of complex type <b>SqlRowSet</b> describes the portion of the
response that represents a resultset. The <b>SqlRowSet</b> type is defined
under the &quot;http://schemas.microsoft.com/sqlserver/2004/SOAP/types&quot;
namespace as the following.</p>

<dl>
<dd>
<div><pre>  
 &lt;xsd:complexType name=&quot;SqlRowSet&quot;&gt;
   &lt;xsd:sequence maxOccurs=&quot;unbounded&quot;&gt;
     &lt;xsd:element ref=&quot;xsd:schema&quot;/&gt;
     &lt;xsd:any/&gt;
   &lt;/xsd:sequence&gt;
 &lt;/xsd:complexType&gt;
  
</pre></div>
</dd></dl>

<p>This complex type MUST conform to the following rules:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>The complex type MUST have two main components:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>The
first component defined by &lt;xsd:element ref=&quot;xsd:schema&quot;/&gt;,
hereafter referred to as Schema, can be specified by the server. When
specified, it MUST be one or more XML schema elements as defined by <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=90608">[XMLSCHEMA1]</a> and <a href="https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=90610">[XMLSCHEMA2]</a>, and it
MUST contain a valid <a href="4baedaec-b5a7-4176-be88-e1cec659ab8c.md#gt_bd0ce6f9-c350-4900-827e-951265294067">XML
schema</a>.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span>  </span></span>The
second component defined by &lt;xsd:any/&gt;, hereafter referred to as
DiffGram, MUST be an element named &quot;diffgram&quot; in the following
namespace:</p>

<p>&quot;urn:schemas-microsoft-com:xml-diffgram-v1&quot;</p>

</li></ul></li></ul><p>The paragraphs that follow define the Schema component and
the DiffGram component in more detail. At a basic level, the purpose of these
components can be explained as follows:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>The Schema component defines the XML schema for the data
representation in the DiffGram component's content. The XML representation of
the data in the DiffGram component's content MUST conform to the XML schema
defined in the Schema component.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>The DiffGram component encapsulates the values of the data in the
resultset.</p>

</li></ul><p>An example is shown in section <a href="ec23c0cd-aaa1-47d1-b874-36ec07f0f302.md">4.2.2</a>.</p>

<p>The server can enable the user to define custom types,
simple types or complex types. Based on such definitions, when specifying the
XML schema, the server defines custom types, simple types or complex types in
the user-defined target namespace; if the user does not specify a namespace,
the server defines custom types, simple types or complex types in arbitrary
target namespaces, and then references the custom types, simple types or
complex types in a subsequent target namespace. The server can also redefine
existing simple types or complex types in existing target namespaces, such as
&quot;http://schemas.microsoft.com/sqlserver/2004/sqltypes&quot;. If the server
does redefine the &quot;http://schemas.microsoft.com/sqlserver/2004/sqltypes&quot;
namespace, then each type specified MUST have the same XML schema as defined in
the original namespace. Whether or not the server specifies custom simple or
complex types in one or more namespaces, the server MUST specify a schema in a
namespace that defines the element structure of the DiffGram component,
hereafter referred to as DataInstance schema.</p>

<p>The DataInstance schema MUST contain exactly one element
that will encapsulate the representation of all data in the DiffGram component.
This element is referred to as the <b>RowSet</b> element. In addition to being
a valid XML schema, the DataInstance schema MUST conform to the following
rules:</p>

<ul><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>The <b>RowSet</b> element MUST be defined using an anonymous
complex type. The complex type MUST be defined to have one child element named <b>row</b>
with zero minimum occurrence and unbounded maximum occurrence.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>The &quot;http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema&quot; element that
defines the <b>RowSet</b> element MUST have the <b>urn:schemas-microsoft-com:xml-msdata:IsDataSet</b>
attribute set to true.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>The &quot;http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema&quot; element that
defines the <b>RowSet</b> element MUST have the <b>urn:schemas-microsoft-com:xml-msdata:DataSetName</b>
attribute.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>The &quot;http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema&quot; element that
defines the <b>RowSet</b> element MUST have the <b>urn:schemas-microsoft-com:xml-msdata:DataSetNamespace</b>
attribute.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>The <b>row</b> element MUST be defined by using an anonymous
complex type. The complex type MUST be defined as a sequence of child elements.
The sequence MUST match the order of the columns of the resultset. Each child
element can be specified with zero minimum occurrence. The names of the child
elements are the same as the names of the columns of the resultset. When the
resultset columns do not have a name, the names of the elements start at
&quot;column1&quot; and the suffix number is incremented for each additional
unnamed column.</p>

</li><li><p><span><span> 
</span></span>Each child element within the <b>row</b> element SHOULD be
defined in terms of a type defined in the
&quot;http://schemas.microsoft.com/sqlserver/2004/sqltypes&quot; namespace. See
section <a href="c4847774-0292-4e6a-bc3c-9f927ef99f0d.md">2.2.5.2</a> for
information about the mapping between SQL Server data types and
corresponding XML data types. The XML schema can also specify additional
properties or restrictions on the simple or complex type definition.</p>

</li></ul><p>As mentioned in the preceding paragraphs, whether or not the
Schema component is specified, the DiffGram component MUST be specified. The
DiffGram component MUST have a root element of &quot;&lt;diffgr:diffgram
xmlns:diffgr=&quot;urn:schemas-microsoft-com:xml-diffgram-v1&quot;&gt;&quot;.
If the Schema component is specified, the subelements of the root MUST match
the sequence of elements as defined by the Schema component.</p>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>