<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>Overview Documents</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="Overview Documents"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="Overview Documents"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="4a1806f9-2979-491d-af3c-f82ed0a4c1ba"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="4a1806f9-2979-491d-af3c-f82ed0a4c1ba"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="Overview Documents" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">Overview Documents</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p><a id="CC_00000001000100010000111122223333"></a>This
section provides technology overviews for the Windows Protocols documentation
set. The technology overviews supplement the technical specifications by
describing context, conceptual background, and inter-protocol relationship and
interaction information. They provide examples of some common use cases. The
technology overviews do not restate the processing rules and other details that
are specific for each protocol. Those details are described in the technical
specifications for each of the protocols and data structures that belong to the
protocols group described in a technology overview document.</p>

<p>For preview or pre-release versions of the technology overviews,
see <a href="8a9c667b-2825-46a8-8066-a80681233c33.md">Preview Documents</a>. </p>

<p><a href="http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=828001">Network
captures</a> for the examples described in the technology overviews are
available as downloadable ZIP files. </p>

<p><b>Note  </b>The inter-document links in a PDF
version of a technology overview document are functional only if all the
cross-referenced documents are saved to the same local directory folder. An
error message appears if you click a link that references a PDF document that
is not located in the same folder (when viewing via your local hard drive) or
is part of a different download (when viewing online). To save a complete set
of PDF files to the same folder, download the <a href="http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=389156">Windows
Protocols .zip file</a>. This is a large file and can take a few minutes to
download.</p>

<p> </p>

<table>
 <thead>
  <tr>
   <th>
   <p>Specification</p>
   </th>
   <th>
   <p>Description</p>
   </th>
  </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><mshelp:link keywords="a11c94b0-3952-412c-8a93-d2412dd063e1" tabindex="0">[MS-ADFSOD]:
  Active Directory Federation Services (AD FS) Protocols Overview</mshelp:link></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides an overview of the functionality and
  relationships of the Active Directory Federation Services (AD FS) protocols.
  AD FS provides a means for distributed identification, authentication, and
  authorization across organizational and platform boundaries. It extends the
  ability to use single sign-on functionality that is normally available only
  within a single security or enterprise boundary to Internet-facing
  applications, which gives customers, partners, and suppliers a streamlined
  user experience while accessing the web-based applications of an
  organization. The AD FS protocols that are described in this document provide
  for tasks such as sharing of authorization codes among groups of AD FS
  servers, obtaining security tokens for users from security token services,
  and integrating AD FS with preauthentication proxies. These protocols include
  [MS-ADFSOAL], [MS-ADFSPIP], [MS-ADFSPP], [MS-ADFSWAP], [MS-MWBE], [MS-MWBF],
  [MS-OAPX], and [MS-SAMLPR], along with various industry standards.</p>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/MS-ADFSOD/%5bMS-ADFSOD%5d.pdf">Click
  here to view this version of the [MS-ADFSOD] PDF.</a></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><mshelp:link keywords="5ff67bf4-c145-48cb-89cd-4f5482d94664" tabindex="0">[MS-ADOD]:
  Active Directory Protocols Overview</mshelp:link></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides an overview of the functionality and
  relationship of the protocols that make up the client-server and
  server-to-server behavior of Active Directory. The Active Directory protocols
  provide directory services for the centralized storage of identity and
  account information, as well as storage for other forms of data such as group
  policies and printer location information, a foundation for authentication
  services in a domain environment, domain services, and directory replication
  services in Windows. The Active Directory protocols are specified in [LDAP],
  [MS-ADTS], [MS-SRPL], [MS-DRSR], [MS-SNTP], [MS-LSAD], [MS-LSAT], [MS-DSSP],
  [MS-SAMR], [MS-SAMS], [MS-WSDS], [WFXR], [WSENUM], [MS-WSTIM], [MS-ADDM],
  [MS-WSPELD], and [MS-ADCAP].</p>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/MS-ADOD/%5bMS-ADOD%5d.pdf">Click
  here to view this version of the [MS-ADOD] PDF.</a></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><mshelp:link keywords="953d700a-57cb-4cf7-b0c3-a64f34581cc9" tabindex="0">[MS-AUTHSOD]:
  Authentication Services Protocols Overview</mshelp:link></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides an overview of the functionality and relationship
  of the protocols in the Authentication Services protocols. The Authentication
  Services protocols verify the identity of users, computers, and services
  through the interactive logon and network logon authentication processes.
  Once authenticated, these entities can be authorized to access network
  resources securely. The Windows client and server operating systems implement
  a set of authentication protocol standards, such as Kerberos [RFC4120], and
  their extensions, such as [MS-KILE], as part of an extensible architecture
  consisting of security support provider (SSP) security packages.</p>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/MS-AUTHSOD/%5bMS-AUTHSOD%5d.pdf">Click
  here to view this version of the [MS-AUTHSOD] PDF.</a></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><mshelp:link keywords="5a0a0a3e-c7a7-42e1-b5f2-cc8d8bd9739e" tabindex="0">[MS-AZOD]:
  Authorization Protocols Overview</mshelp:link></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides an overview of the functionality and
  relationship of the Authorization protocols, which control the process of
  granting access to resources once authentication has been accomplished. An
  authenticated request is not sufficient for access by itself; a corresponding
  decision must also be made to decide if a particular request is authorized.
  To accomplish this, several authorization models are provided under Windows.
  This document provides an overview of these models as implemented by
  [MS-PAC], [MS-AZMP], [MS-GPCAP], [MS-CAPR], [MS-CTA], [MS-DTYP], [MS-ADTS],
  [MS-COMA], and [MS-TDS].</p>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/MS-AZOD/%5bMS-AZOD%5d.pdf">Click
  here to view this version of the [MS-AZOD] PDF.</a></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><mshelp:link keywords="5c1fdcf1-6b60-452a-904c-f650d2edf449" tabindex="0">[MS-CCROD]:
  Content Caching and Retrieval Protocols Overview</mshelp:link></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides an overview of the functionality and
  relationship of the protocols implemented in the Windows Peer Content Caching
  and Retrieval framework, which includes the protocols specified in [MS-FSCC],
  [MS-PCCRC], [MS-PCCRD], [MS-PCCRR], [MS-PCHC], [MS-PCCRTP], and [MS-SMB2].
  This framework is based on a peer-to-peer discovery and distribution model
  designed to reduce wide-area-network (WAN) link bandwidth utilization and
  provide faster content downloads from a local area network (LAN) in a branch
  office. The Content Caching and Retrieval protocols support scenarios such as
  accessing content from a file server or a Web server where storing content
  locally from all locations in a distributed environment is not practical. If
  the Content Caching and Retrieval of data is unavailable or fails, normal
  file access would continue without caching using the SMB 2.1/2, HTTP, or
  HTTPS protocols.</p>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/MS-CCROD/%5bMS-CCROD%5d.pdf">Click
  here to view this version of the [MS-CCROD] PDF.</a></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><mshelp:link keywords="ec4bb597-9e73-4d2b-a768-621239e21fca" tabindex="0">[MS-CERSOD]:
  Certificate Services Protocols Overview</mshelp:link></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides an overview of the functionality and
  relationship of the protocols implementing Certificate Services, which
  includes the certificate enrollment protocols specified in [MS-WCCE],
  [MS-ICPR], and [MS-WSTEP], the certificate enrollment policy protocols
  specified in [MS-XCEP] and [MS-CRTD], and the certificate remote
  administration protocol specified in [MS-CSRA]. Certificate Services
  protocols are used for certificate enrollment, certificate policy, and remote
  administration of certificate services. The Certificate Services protocols
  (except the server role of [MS-XCEP]) operate in two modes: Standalone and
  Enterprise.</p>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/MS-CERSOD/%5bMS-CERSOD%5d.pdf">Click
  here to view this version of the [MS-CERSOD] PDF.</a></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><mshelp:link keywords="3d3a2a04-3e90-4fc1-877c-6a674202b7ee" tabindex="0">[MS-DOCO]:
  Windows Protocols Documentation Roadmap</mshelp:link></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides an overview of the Windows protocols
  documentation set. It provides a high-level roadmap for finding and
  navigating the documentation set and describes the content for each type of
  document.</p>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/MS-DOCO/%5bMS-DOCO%5d.pdf">Click
  here to view this version of the [MS-DOCO] PDF.</a></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><mshelp:link keywords="a8df7cf6-4f73-4441-8319-653618a50da0" tabindex="0">[MS-FASOD]:
  File Access Services Protocols Overview</mshelp:link></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides an overview of the functionality and
  relationship of the File Access Services (FAS) protocols, which enable
  network file access and sharing in Windows and allow a client computer to
  discover, access, and share files that are hosted on, and made available by,
  another computer. The FAS protocols are specified in [MS-BRWS], [MS-CIFS],
  [MS-DFSC], [MS-FSA], [MS-FSCC], [MS-RAP], [RFC1094], [RFC1813], [RFC4918],
  [RFC5661], [MS-SMB], [MS-SMB2], [MS-SMBD], [MS-WDV], [MS-WDVME], and
  [MS-WDVSE].</p>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/MS-FASOD/%5bMS-FASOD%5d.pdf">Click
  here to view this version of the [MS-FASOD] PDF.</a></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><mshelp:link keywords="3a373435-adb3-42ad-afa4-ff5cd961a67b" tabindex="0">[MS-FSMOD]:
  File Services Management Protocols Overview</mshelp:link></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides an overview of the functionality and
  relationship of the protocols used for configuring, managing, and monitoring
  file services in Windows over the network. The File Services Management
  protocols include the protocols specified in [MS-FSRM], [MS-WKST], [MS-SRVS],
  [MS-RAP], [MS-DFSNM], [MS-DFSRH], [MS-FRS2], and [MS-FRS1]. These protocols
  support scenarios such as share management, DFS namespace management, SMB
  Server management, SMB network redirector management , file server resource
  management, and file replication.</p>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/MS-FSMOD/%5bMS-FSMOD%5d.pdf">Click
  here to view this version of the [MS-FSMOD] PDF.</a></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><mshelp:link keywords="6e634939-2ccf-4412-b75f-0035dc05ea67" tabindex="0">[MS-GPOD]:
  Group Policy Protocols Overview</mshelp:link></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides an overview of the functionality and
  relationship of the protocols that implement Group Policy. The Group Policy
  protocols consist of a set of protocols that are used to create, read,
  update, and remove Group Policy Objects. The Group Policy protocols enable
  the Group Policy client to retrieve policy settings from a Group Policy
  server and enable an Administrative tool to retrieve, create, update, and
  delete policy settings on a Group Policy server. The base functionality of
  Group Policy, as described in [MS-GPOL], can be extended through client-side
  extensions that implement application-specific policy settings, and through
  Administrative tool extensions that implement authored configuration
  settings. These extensions to the Group Policy: Core Protocol [MS-GPOL]
  consist of the protocols specified in [MS-GPAC], [MS-GPDPC], [MS-GPEF],
  [MS-GPFAS], [MS-GPFR], [MS-GPIPSEC], [MS-GPNRPT], [MS-GPPREF], [MS-GPREG],
  [MS-GPSB], [MS-GPSCR], [MS-GPSI], and [MS-GPWL].</p>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/MS-GPOD/%5bMS-GPOD%5d.pdf">Click
  here to view this version of the [MS-GPOD] PDF.</a></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><mshelp:link keywords="644be85f-7a78-4bcc-b8a1-389e4b24b2cc" tabindex="0">[MS-MQOD]:
  Message Queuing Protocols Overview</mshelp:link></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides an overview of the functionality and
  relationship of the protocols used for Message Queuing. Microsoft Message
  Queuing (MSMQ) is a communications service that enables reliable and secure
  asynchronous messaging between applications over a variety of deployment
  topologies. The Message Queuing protocols are specified in [MS-MQMQ],
  [MS-MQDMPR], [MC-MQAC], [MS-MQMP], [MS-MQQB], [MS-MQBR], [MC-MQSRM],
  [MS-MQCN], [MS-MQMR], [MS-MQSD], [MS-MQDS], [MS-MQDSSM], [MS-MQQP], and
  [MS-MQRR].</p>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/MS-MQOD/%5bMS-MQOD%5d.pdf">Click
  here to view this version of the [MS-MQOD] PDF.</a></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><mshelp:link keywords="8afe7776-f5c9-49ef-82fc-20912f9ed85b" tabindex="0">[MS-MSSOD]:
  Media Streaming Server Protocols Overview</mshelp:link></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides an overview of the functionality and
  relationship of the protocols implemented in Media Streaming Windows
  technologies, which include the protocols specified in [MS-MSB], [MS-MSBD],
  [MS-MMSP], [MS-WMSP], [MS-RTSP], [MS-WMHTTP], and [MS-WMLOG]. Media Streaming
  technologies are used to convert both live and prerecorded audio format and
  to distribute the content over a network or the Internet. The Media Streaming
  Server technologies support scenarios such as publishing secure content to
  Media Server, streaming content from Media Server, requesting a license from
  License Server, and discovering Media Server URLs and log statistics to Media
  Server.</p>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/MS-MSSOD/%5bMS-MSSOD%5d.pdf">Click
  here to view this version of the [MS-MSSOD] PDF.</a></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><mshelp:link keywords="a916128b-f9a5-4fa3-80d8-0c8a2bef8b12" tabindex="0">[MS-NAPOD]:
  Network Access Protection Protocols Overview</mshelp:link></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides an overview of the functionality and
  relationship of the protocols required for Network Access Protection (NAP).
  NAP extends the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) network access
  architecture to provide mechanisms for verifying user identities, ensuring
  proper software configuration of client computers and system states through
  network access processes, and resolving client remediation problems. The NAP
  member protocols include [MS-DHCPN], [MS-DHCPM], [MS-HCEP], [MS-IKEE],
  [MS-PEAP], [MS-RNAP], [MS-TSGU], [MS-WSH], and [TNC-IF-TNCCSPBSoH].</p>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/MS-NAPOD/%5bMS-NAPOD%5d.pdf">Click
  here to view this version of the [MS-NAPOD] PDF.</a></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><mshelp:link keywords="bcca8164-da08-43f2-a983-c34ed99171b0" tabindex="0">[MS-NETOD]:
  Microsoft .NET Framework Protocols Overview</mshelp:link></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides an overview of the .NET Framework protocols
  that map to the .NET Framework distributed technologies that enable network
  communications. This includes the protocols implemented in the Windows
  Workflow Foundation (WF), Windows Communication Foundation (WCF), identity and
  directory services, data access, ASP.NET, and .NET Remoting technologies of
  the .NET Framework.</p>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/MS-NETOD/%5bMS-NETOD%5d.pdf">Click
  here to view this version of the [MS-NETOD] PDF.</a></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><mshelp:link keywords="97fd9728-f83e-48d0-aa2c-79471fd9e00a" tabindex="0">[MS-PRSOD]:
  Print Services Protocols Overview</mshelp:link></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides an overview of the functionality and
  relationship of the protocols in the Print Services system. The Print Services
  system consists of a distributed system of print servers that manage printers
  and make them available to print clients. One or more servers may be used,
  each server independently managing one or more printers. Clients use the
  component protocols to submit print jobs, manage jobs, receive job
  notifications, obtain printer drivers, and administer print queues. The Print
  Services system includes the protocols specified in [MS-CIFS], [MS-EMFSPOOL],
  [MS-FSCC], [MS-GPDPC], [MS-PAN], [MS-PAR], [MS-RAP], [MS-RPRN], [MS-SMB],
  [MS-SMB2], and [MS-WPRN].</p>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/MS-PRSOD/%5bMS-PRSOD%5d.pdf">Click
  here to view this version of the [MS-PRSOD] PDF.</a></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><mshelp:link keywords="072543f9-4bd4-4dc6-ab97-9a04bf9d2c6a" tabindex="0">[MS-RDSOD]:
  Remote Desktop Services Protocols Overview</mshelp:link></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides an overview of the functionality and
  relationship of the protocols implemented in the Remote Desktop services in Windows,
  which includes the protocols specified in [MS-RDPBCGR], [MS-TSGU], [MS-TSTS],
  [MS-TSWP], [MS-RDPEDC], [MS-RDPEGDI], [MS-RDPCR2], [MS-RDPNSC], [MS-RDPRFX],
  [ MS-RDPEPS], [MS-RDPELE], [MS-RDPECLIP], [MS-RDPEDYC], [MS-RDPEFS],
  [MS-RDPESP], [MS-RDPEPC], [MS-RDPESC], [MS-RDPEA], [MS-RDPEAI], [MS-RDPEMC],
  [MS-RDPEPNP], [MS-RDPEUSB], [MS-RDPERP], [MS-RDPEV], [MS-RDPEXPS],
  [MS-RDPERP], [MS-RDPEUDP],[MS-RDPEGFX], [MS-RDPEMT], [MS-RDPEECO],
  [MS-RDPEVOR], [MS-RDPEI], and [MS-RDPEAR]. Using the Remote Desktop protocols,
  a user of a remote client can initiate a user session on a server and then
  run programs, save files, and use network resources. This supports the
  hosting of multiple simultaneous user sessions on servers. Remote Desktop
  protocols support scenarios such as redirecting keyboard, mouse, clipboard,
  media player content, print jobs, smart card data, and file system data
  between the RDP client and the server.</p>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/MS-RDSOD/%5bMS-RDSOD%5d.pdf">Click
  here to view this version of the [MS-RDSOD] PDF.</a></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><mshelp:link keywords="e1616df8-c84f-413a-9420-85157d466a10" tabindex="0">[MS-RMSOD]:
  Rights Management Services Protocols Overview</mshelp:link></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides an overview of the functionality and
  relationship of the protocols in the Rights Management Services (RMS) system.
  The RMS system allows individuals and administrators to encrypt and specify
  access and usage restrictions on various types of data, including documents
  and e-mail messages. This helps prevent sensitive information from being
  accessed and used by unauthorized people. The RMS system includes persistent
  usage policies, and interacts with systems or applications that create or
  consume rights protected content.</p>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/MS-RMSOD/%5bMS-RMSOD%5d.pdf">Click
  here to view this version of the [MS-RMSOD] PDF.</a></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><mshelp:link keywords="313252b5-9146-40cc-9eb2-8372e108597f" tabindex="0">[MS-STOROD]:
  Storage Services Protocols Overview</mshelp:link></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides an overview of the functionality and
  relationship of the storage services protocols implemented in Windows, which
  includes the protocols specified in [MS-DMRP], [MS-VDS], [MS-SCMP],
  [MS-FSRVP], [MS-RSMP], and [MS-EFSR]. The Storage Services protocols provide
  disk and volume management services, data backup and restore, removable media
  management, encrypted file access control, and file encryption. They support
  scenarios such as creating/modifying volumes, configuring HBA ports and iSCSI
  initiators, creating shadow copies, restoring the shadow copies,
  creating/deleting media pool, mounting/dismounting media, file
  encryption/decryption, and providing cryptographic access permissions to
  encrypted files.</p>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/MS-STOROD/%5bMS-STOROD%5d.pdf">Click
  here to view this version of the [MS-STOROD] PDF.</a></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><mshelp:link keywords="fbbf77ae-bfc8-46ff-876b-ddaee16ece3a" tabindex="0">[MS-TPSOD]:
  Transaction Processing Services Protocols Overview</mshelp:link></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides an overview of the functionality and
  relationship of the Transaction Processing protocols, which are specified in
  [MS-DTCO], [MS-CMOM], [MS-DTCM], [MS-TIPP], [MS-DTCLU], [WSAT10], [WSAT11],
  [MS-WSRVCAT], [MC-DTCXA], [MS-CMP], and [MS-CMPO]. Transaction processing is
  designed to maintain a computation system in a known, consistent state. It
  allows multiple individual operations to be linked together as a single,
  indivisible operation called an atomic transaction. Broadly speaking,
  transaction processing involves updating data, which may be distributed
  across multiple systems, so that either all of the changes are processed or
  none of the changes are processed.</p>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/MS-TPSOD/%5bMS-TPSOD%5d.pdf">Click
  here to view this version of the [MS-TPSOD] PDF.</a></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><mshelp:link keywords="84250bfd-1189-428f-b577-293fcd0e5af9" tabindex="0">[MS-VSOD]:
  Virtual Storage Protocols Overview</mshelp:link></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides an overview of the functionality of and
  relationship among the virtual storage protocols, which provide a means for a
  client to access, read, and write to virtual storage (for example, a virtual
  disk file) on a remote server. Virtual Storage protocols also can provide
  this functionality to multiple clients by using a shared virtual SCSI disk.</p>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/MS-VSOD/%5bMS-VSOD%5d.pdf">Click
  here to view this version of the [MS-VSOD] PDF.</a></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><mshelp:link keywords="6ff3ba22-059d-44f7-9ab1-96c2dc82bf1f" tabindex="0">[MS-WMOD]:
  Windows Management Protocols Overview</mshelp:link></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides an overview of the functionality and
  relationship of the Windows Management protocols, which are specified in
  [MS-WMI], [MS-WSMAN], [MS-WSMV], and [MS-PSRP]. The Windows Management
  protocols provide the ability to control settings and to collect data for a
  set of client and server computers. These protocols enable a computer to
  query another system or computer and to perform administrative operations to
  monitor, troubleshoot, and conduct hardware and software inventories in
  remote computers. The Windows Management Instrumentation Encoding Version 1.0
  [MS-WMIO] is an integral part of the capabilities of the Windows Management
  Instrumentation Protocol; it specifies a binary data encoding format that is
  used by this protocol for network communication.</p>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/MS-WMOD/%5bMS-WMOD%5d.pdf">Click
  here to view this version of the [MS-WMOD] PDF.</a></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><mshelp:link keywords="c5f54a77-65be-40a0-bb82-9e4181d8ab67" tabindex="0">[MS-WPO]:
  Windows Protocols Overview</mshelp:link></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides an overview of the Windows interoperability
  technologies and the protocols required for implementation. It also describes
  the intended functionality of the Windows interoperability protocols and
  technologies and provides examples of common user scenarios.</p>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/MS-WPO/%5bMS-WPO%5d.pdf">Click
  here to view this version of the [MS-WPO] PDF.</a></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><mshelp:link keywords="8434a301-6445-4b48-a9cc-c098734f0618" tabindex="0">[MS-WSUSOD]:
  Windows Server Update Services Protocols Overview</mshelp:link></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides a system overview of the protocols in the
  Windows Server Update Services (WSUS) system. The WSUS system implements the
  Windows Server Update Services: Client-Server Protocol specified in [MS-WUSP]
  and the Windows Server Update Services: Server-Server Protocol specified in
  [MS-WSUSSS]. These protocols enable communication between the Windows Server
  Update Services client and server to enable clients to discover software
  updates available on the server. They also enable communication between
  servers to propagate software update information, the updates, and
  administrative intent in a hierarchical deployment of the system.</p>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/MS-WSUSOD/%5bMS-WSUSOD%5d.pdf">Click
  here to view this version of the [MS-WSUSOD] PDF.</a></p>
  </td>
 </tr>
</table>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>