<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>SharePoint Back-End Technical Specifications</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="SharePoint Back-End Technical Specifications"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="SharePoint Back-End Technical Specifications"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="59f5633c-9b5f-414c-a448-b6f5e289a652"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="59f5633c-9b5f-414c-a448-b6f5e289a652"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="SharePoint Back-End Technical Specifications" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">SharePoint Back-End Technical Specifications</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    

<p>The following table describes and provides links to archived
copies of documents that were previously published under the <a href="'https:/msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/cc339475.aspx">Protocol —
SharePoint Products and Technologies</a> section of the Open Specifications
Library. These documents are here for your convenience only. It is recommended
that you not rely on these documents. To the extent that you incur additional
development obligations or any other costs as a result of relying on these
archived documents, you do so at your own risk.</p>

<p><b>Overviews</b></p>

<p> </p>

<table>
 <thead>
  <tr>
   <th>
   <p>Specification</p>
   </th>
   <th>
   <p>Description</p>
   </th>
  </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSO]: FAST Search System
  Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Describes the
  Microsoft FAST Search Server system, which is designed to crawl, process, and
  index content, and to provide search results for that content in response to
  requests from protocol clients. The system consists of a collection of
  search-related components, services, protocols, structures, and supporting
  protocol servers. This overview describes the intended functionality of the
  FAST Search system and how components within this system interact. It also
  provides examples of some common user scenarios.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-SPBEPO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SPBEPO]: SharePoint
  Back-End Protocols Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Describes the
  SharePoint Back-End Protocols, which are the protocols implemented by
  SharePoint Products and Technologies for internal communication. Where
  appropriate, this overview describes the relationships between protocols and
  provides example scenarios to show how they are used.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-SPBEPO2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SPBEPO2]: SharePoint
  Back-End Protocols Overview Version 2</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  SharePoint Back-End Protocols Overview Version 2 Protocol, which provides
  information about the intended functionality of the SharePoint Back-End
  Protocols System and how the protocols in this system interact.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-SPFEPO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SPFEPO]: SharePoint
  Front-End Protocols Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Describes the
  SharePoint Front-End Protocols, which are the protocols implemented by
  Microsoft SharePoint Products and Technologies to communicate with client and
  server applications. Where appropriate, this overview describes the
  relationships between protocols and provides example scenarios to show how
  they are used.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-SPFEPO2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SPFEPO2]: SharePoint
  Front-End Protocols Overview Version 2</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  SharePoint Front-End Protocols Overview Version 2 Protocol, which provides
  information about the intended functionality of the SharePoint Front-End
  Protocols System and how the protocols in this system interact.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p> </p>

<p><b>Technical Specifications</b></p>

<p> </p>

<table>
 <thead>
  <tr>
   <th>
   <p>Specification</p>
   </th>
   <th>
   <p>Description</p>
   </th>
  </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-APPMDP%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-APPMDP]: SharePoint App
  Management Database Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  stored procedures to perform runtime operations to manage SharePoint Apps.
  The protocol includes information to interact with application permissions
  and application licenses databases.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-ASDSP%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-ASDSP]: Access Services
  Database Stored Procedures Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Access Services Database Stored Procedures Protocol. This protocol allows
  clients to read and write information about the service and applications in
  the service.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-BDCDPS%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-BDCDPS]: Business Data
  Connectivity Database Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Business Data Connectivity Database Protocol, which enables protocol clients
  to store and retrieve information about interfaces of line-of-business (LOB)
  systems and annotations of these interfaces.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-BDCDPS2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-BDCDPS2]: Business Data
  Connectivity Database Version 2 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>This document
  specifies Business Data Connectivity Database Protocol. This protocol enables
  protocol clients to store and retrieve information about interfaces of
  line-of-business systems (LOB) systems) and annotations of these interfaces.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-BDCSP%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-BDCSP]: Business Data
  Catalog Database Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Business Data Catalog Database Protocol, which allows a metadata client to
  create, read, update, and delete metadata objects in a metadata store. For
  write operations, the protocol server will provide validation and diagnostic
  errors such that protocol clients can maintain the set of stored metadata
  objects in a state that satisfies certain semantic constraints for models.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-CIPROP%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-CIPROP]: Index
  Propagation Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Index Propagation Protocol, which is used to replicate search index data
  across multiple servers and to maintain consistency among those servers in
  the event of changes to that data.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-CIPROP2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-CIPROP2]: Index
  Propagation Version 2 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Index Propagation Version 2 Protocol, which is used to replicate search index
  data across multiple servers and to maintain consistency among those servers
  in the event of changes to that data.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-EMMSTORE%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-EMMSTORE]: Enterprise
  Metadata Service Database Schema</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Enterprise Metadata Service Database Schema, which enables protocol clients
  to perform operations against a store containing metadata. Typical operations
  include creating, deleting, merging, reusing, deprecating, describing, and
  translating metadata items.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSADS%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSADS]: Administration
  Database Structure</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Administration Database Structure, used for persisting the information
  associated with operations in the Administration Services Protocol.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSAS%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSAS]: Administration
  Services Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Administration Services Protocol, which enables protocol clients to manage a
  search system.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSBEPS%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSBEPS]: Browser Engine
  Processing and Status Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Browser Engine and Status Protocol, which specifies the communication between
  a protocol client and a protocol server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSCADM%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSCADM]: Crawler
  Administration and Status Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Crawler Administration and Status Protocol, which operates between a protocol
  client and a Web crawler server or server farm. This protocol enables the protocol
  client to make requests of the Web crawler, and query it for status
  information.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSCCFG%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSCCFG]: Crawler Configuration
  File Format</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Crawler Configuration File Format, which is an XML-based configuration format
  for a Web crawler process. This file format specifies configuration
  parameters that control the gathering, processing, and storage of information
  automatically retrieved by the Web crawler process from Web sites, and then
  transmits it to a search engine index.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSCDBS%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSCDBS]: Connector
  Database Structure</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Connector Database Structure, which is the database schema for applicable
  indexing content connectors.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSCDCFG%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSCDCFG]: Component
  Distribution Configuration File Format</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Component Distribution Configuration File Format, which specifies how a
  search service application is distributed over multiple extended search
  service application nodes.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSCDFT%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSCDFT]: Content
  Distributor Fault Tolerance Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  protocol that multiple content distributors use to determine which one is the
  master content distributor, and which ones are backup content distributors.
  The use of multiple content distributors increases performance and
  robustness; if the master content distributor becomes unavailable, one of the
  backup content distributors becomes the new master content distributor.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSCF%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSCF]: Content Feeding
  Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Content Feeding Protocol (FSCF), which enables a protocol client to submit a
  document to a protocol server for processing and indexing. This protocol also
  enables a protocol client to remove a content collection from an index.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSCHT%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSCHT]: Cheetah Data
  Structure</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Cheetah Data Format Protocol, which enables the serialization and
  deserialization of data structures. This protocol specifies only the
  serialization and deserialization of data structures; network transport
  mechanisms and storage protocols are specified in other specifications.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSCMT%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSCMT]: Crawler Multinode
  Transport Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Crawler Multinode Transport Protocol, which defines the messages exchanged in
  a multinode Web crawler environment.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSCMW%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSCMW]: Configuration
  Middleware Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Configuration Middleware Protocol, which enables a protocol client to obtain
  configuration information.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSCX%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSCX]: Configuration
  XML-RPC Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Configuration XML-RPC Protocol between a protocol server, which is the
  Configuration Component, and protocol clients. A Configuration Component
  stores configuration and system information, regularly contacts components in
  the system to assure their availability, and allows protocol clients to
  update or query this information. Protocol clients can register alerts and be
  notified about relevant changes.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSDP%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSDP]: Document
  Processing Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Document Processing Protocol, which enables certain components in a search
  service application to submit searchable items to another component for
  indexing.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSDPD%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSDPD]: Document
  Processing Distribution Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Document Processing Distribution Protocol, which is used between components
  in a search service application. This protocol enables one component to
  dispatch searchable items to another component for the item processing that
  occurs before item indexing.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSDQE%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSDQE]: Distributed Query
  Execution Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Distributed Query Execution Protocol. This protocol enables a protocol client
  to perform search queries against a protocol server that manages a search
  engine in a distributed environment.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSFDMW%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSFDMW]: FAST Distributed
  Make Worker Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  FAST Distributed Make Worker Protocol (FDMW), which provides for parallel distributed
  computing, enabling participating computers to exchange data and control. The
  participants using this protocol form a cluster, one as the master with a set
  of workers. This protocol is not a traditional client/server protocol as all
  participants play the role of clients and servers in different contexts.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSFIXML%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSFIXML]: FIXML Data
  Structure</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  FAST Index Markup Language (FIXML) data object format. This format is used
  when an item is submitted for indexing after item processing. The data object
  represents one item to be submitted for indexing.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSFQL%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSFQL]: Fast Query
  Language Structure</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  structure of the FAST Query Language (FQL), which the Query and Result
  Protocol uses. FQL is a language for expressing search criteria.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSIADM%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSIADM]: Indexer
  Administration and Status Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Indexer Administration and Status Protocol, which is used for administering
  and retrieving information from an indexer for search terms.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSICFG%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSICFG]: Indexer
  Configuration File Format</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Indexer Configuration File Format, an XML-based configuration format for
  configuring the indexing nodes in an enterprise search service. This format
  describes configuration parameters both for changing general behavior and
  timing intervals, as well as parameters for performance tuning.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSID%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSID]: Indexing
  Distribution Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Indexing Distribution Protocol, which is used between two components in the
  indexing service, the indexing dispatcher node, and the indexer node. This
  protocol enables a session-based connection as part of an extended item
  feeding chain, with asynchronous callback messages reporting status back to
  the feeding client.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSIDFT%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSIDFT]: Indexing
  Dispatcher Fault Tolerance Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Indexing Dispatcher Fault Tolerance Protocol, which is used between multiple
  indexing dispatchers to determine which one becomes the master indexing
  dispatcher, and which ones become backup indexing dispatchers.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSIFT%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSIFT]: Indexer Fault
  Tolerance Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Indexer Fault Tolerance Protocol used for distributing and synchronizing data
  structures between indexing nodes, through which functionality the index
  column achieves fault-tolerant behavior.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSIN%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSIN]: Input
  Normalization Data Structure</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Input Normalization Data Structure, corresponding equivalent characters for
  characters used within a search application as well as the stemming form to
  be added depending on the language of the item.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSIPA%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSIPA]: Index Publication
  and Activation Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Index Publication and Activation Protocol, which prepares and activates a new
  index for search applications.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSIXDS%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSIXDS]: Index Data
  Structures</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Index Data Structures as well as file format and hierarchy of the files that
  represent the search index in an enterprise search service.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSL%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSL]: Logging Protocol
  Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Logging Protocol, which enables a protocol client to send log messages to a
  protocol server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSLRDS%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSLRDS]: Linguistic
  Resource Data Structure</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Linguistic Resource Data Structures, which are file formats used to represent
  linguistic dictionaries as XML files.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSMW%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSMW]: Middleware
  Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Middleware Protocol Specification, which provides a mechanism that allows an
  implementation to calls methods that are in a different network address
  space.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSNC%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSNC]: Node Controller
  Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Node Controller Protocol that manages communication between a protocol client
  and a node controller on a protocol server. A node controller monitors and
  controls a system consisting of a set of processes and files on the same
  computer as the protocol server. A protocol client is typically part of an
  application that needs to contact the protocol server to request information
  about the system or requests modifications to the system.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSPSCFG%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSPSCFG]: Processor
  Server Configuration File Format</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Processor Server Configuration File Format Specification, which discusses
  file formats that are used to configure the behavior of the Document
  Processing Service.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSQR%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSQR]: Query and Result
  Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Query and Result Protocol. A protocol client uses this protocol to submit
  search queries to a protocol server for indexed content and to receive search
  results from that protocol server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSQRC%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSQRC]: Query and Result
  Configuration Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Query and Result Configuration Protocol, which loads updated configuration
  information for subsystems of a query processing component.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSQRCFG%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSQRCFG]: Query and
  Result Configuration File Format</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Query and Result Configuration File Format. This file format specifies file
  names and formats for the configuration files that are used by a particular
  implementation of the Query and Result Protocol server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSRFC%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSRFC]: Remote File Copy
  Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Remote File Copy Protocol used to copy index related files from a file
  sender, the protocol client, to a file receiver, the protocol server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSRFCO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSRFCO]: Remote File Copy
  Orchestration Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Remote File Copy Orchestration Protocol used to orchestrate copying of index
  related directories and files from a file sender, the protocol client, to a
  file receiver, the protocol server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSRS%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSRS]: Resource Store
  Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Resource Storage Protocol, which enables a protocol client to store
  resources, typically files, on a protocol server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSSAC%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSSAC]: Search
  Authorization Connector Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Search Authorization Connector Protocol used between a protocol client and
  the protocol server, which is the FSA Manager Service. This protocol enables
  a protocol client to make changes to the users, groups, and user-to-user
  mappings stored on the protocol server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSSACFG%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSSACFG]: Search
  Authorization Configuration File Format</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies two
  file formats used by the search authorization manager service and the search
  authorization worker component of the query processing service described in
  [MS-FSO]. The file formats are used to provide secure search capability to
  ensure that end entities view only the search results for which they are
  authorized. The User Store Configuration File Format is used to configure the
  search authorization worker component for each source of user objects and
  group objects. The Principal Aliaser Configuration File Format is used to
  configure the search authorization worker component for mapping user and
  group objects to other user and group objects.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSSADFF%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSSADFF]: Search
  Authorization Data File Format</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Search Authorization Data File Format, which consists of three file formats
  used by the search authorization Manager and Worker Services. The Local Cache
  Upload User File Format is used to upload changes for a local cache user
  store to the search authorization Manager Service. The Local Cache User Store
  File Format is used by the search authorization Worker Service to find user
  objects and group objects for a local cache user store. The XML Aliaser
  Mapping File Format is used both to upload changes for an XML principal
  aliaser to the search authorization Manager Service and by the search
  authorization Worker Service for mapping between user IDs of different user
  stores.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSSADM%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSSADM]: Search
  Administration and Status Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Search Administration and Status Protocol used by a protocol client to
  retrieve information from the query matching component of a search service
  application.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSSAS%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSSAS]: Search
  Authorization Synchronization Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Search Authorization Synchronization Protocol, which enables a client to
  synchronize updated configuration information for multiple servers and to
  request information from servers for troubleshooting.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSSCFG%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSSCFG]: Search
  Configuration File Format</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Search Configuration File Format, including file naming conventions and file
  formats for the configuration files derived from the index schema for an
  enterprise search service.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSSPRADM%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSSPRADM]: SPRel
  Administration and Status Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  SPRel Administration and Status Protocol for transmitting status and
  configuration options between a protocol client and a protocol server. It
  enables the protocol client to both control the protocol server, and query it
  for status information.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSSPRDF%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSSPRDF]: SPRel Data File
  Formats</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  file names and file formats that are used for client-click input analysis.
  This type of analysis uses client feedback to improve search relevancy.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSST%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSST]: Spelltuning File
  Format</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Spelltuning File Format that the item processing service uses to check the
  spelling of text for an item.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSWAADM%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSWAADM]: WebAnalyzer
  Administration and Status Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  WebAnalyzer Administration and Status Protocol, which transmits status and
  configuration options between a protocol client and a protocol server. This
  protocol enables the protocol client to query the protocol server for status
  information.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSWADF%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSWADF]: WebAnalyzer Data
  File Formats</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>This document
  specifies the WebAnalyzer Data File Formats, which is used to store data in
  files during anchor analysis.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSWASDR%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSWASDR]:
  WebAnalyzer/SPRel Data Receiving Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  WebAnalyzer/SPRel Data Receiving Protocol, which is used for sending data
  from a client to a server and for the server&amp;apos;s response to the
  client.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSWASDS%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSWASDS]:
  WebAnalyzer/SPRel Data Serving Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  WebAnalyzer/SPRel Data Serving Protocol (WASDS), which is used to improve
  search relevance by retrieving metadata about search items before they are
  indexed. This protocol is used by protocol clients to retrieve information
  from a remote protocol server where the meta information is associated with a
  unique key.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSWASMT%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSWASMT]: WebAnalyzer and
  SPRel Multinode Transport Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  WebAnalyzer and SPRel Multinode Transport Protocol, which manages the
  messages exchanged between hosts in a distributed system when a central
  component communicates with other components.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSWCU%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSWCU]: WebAnalyzer/Crawler
  Utility Data Structure</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  WebAnalyzer/Crawler Utility File Format, which serializes and de-serializes
  data types, such as numerical values, text, and arrays, to an octet stream.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-FSXTAPI%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSXTAPI]: XML-RPC
  Translatable API Structure</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies an
  application program interface (API) that represents remote method calls, as
  described in [XML-RPC]. It specifies how this API translates to an XML body
  structure for those method calls.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-MAVA%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-MAVA]: Microsoft Office SharePoint
  Server (MOSS) Analytics View Access Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  MOSS Analytics View Access Protocol. This protocol enables a protocol client
  to retrieve analytical data about web-traffic, searches and inventory of
  various entities in the farm from a store on the protocol server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-MOSSUAN%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-MOSSUAN]: SQL Usage
  Analytics Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  SQL Usage Analytics Protocol, which is used to collect, access, and analyze
  data for usage analysis reports about a Web site. This protocol is not an
  extension to an existing protocol.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-PPSSPROC%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-PPSSPROC]:
  PerformancePoint Services Stored Procedures Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  PerformancePoint Services Stored Procedures Protocol, which defines
  communication requests for scorecard annotations administration, user
  selected filters for user administration, and temporary state data structures
  for first class object administration tasks between the front-end Web server
  and the database server. This server-to-server protocol uses the
  PerformancePoint Services Application Server Protocol.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-SPSCLSP%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SPSCLSP]: SPSCrawl Stored
  Procedures Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  SPSCrawl Stored Procedures Protocol, which allows clients to read values of
  user profile properties for user profiles within the context of a site.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-SPSCLSP2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SPSCLSP2]: SPSCrawl
  Stored Procedures Version 2 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  SPSCrawl Stored Procedures Protocol, which allows clients to read values of
  user profile properties for user profiles within the context of a site.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-SPSCLSP3%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SPSCLSP3]: SPSCrawl
  Stored Procedures Version 3 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>This document
  specifies the SPSCrawl Stored Procedures Protocol. This protocol is used to
  read values of user profile properties for user profiles within the context
  of a site.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-SPSETSP%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SPSETSP]: SharePoint
  Subscription Settings Stored Procedures Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  SharePoint Subscription Settings Stored Procedures Protocol, which allows for
  a set of configuration data to be shared among a set of site collections.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-SPSETSP2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SPSETSP2]: SharePoint
  Subscription Settings Stored Procedures Version 2 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>This document
  specifies the SharePoint Subscription Settings Stored Procedures Protocol.
  This protocol allows for a set of configuration data to be shared among a set
  of site collections. This protocol is typically needed for hosting scenarios.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-SPSSDBSOGP%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SPSSDBSOGP]: SharePoint
  Shared Service Database Scale Out Generic Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  generic stored procedures to scale out databases (split and move data) for
  some SharePoint Shared Services.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-SPSTATE%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SPSTATE]: Temporary State
  Service Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Temporary State Service protocol, which enables a protocol client to store
  and retrieve binary data.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-SQLPADM%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SQLPADM]: SQL
  Administration Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  SQL Administration Protocol, which are the communication sequences that are
  used by the protocol client (Web and application servers) to perform data
  query and update commands on the protocol server in relation to search
  administration functions.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-SQLPADM2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SQLPADM2]: SQL
  Administration Version 2 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  SQL Administration Protocol, which are the communication sequences that are
  used by the protocol client (Web and application servers) to perform data
  query and update commands on the protocol server in relation to search
  administration functions.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-SQLPGAT%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SQLPGAT]: SQL Gatherer
  Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  SQL Gatherer Protocol, which is the communication between the index server
  and back-end database server that is used to satisfy requests for search
  crawl tasks.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-SQLPGAT2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SQLPGAT2]: SQL Gatherer
  Version 2 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  SQL Gatherer Protocol, which allows for communication between the protocol
  client (Web and application servers) and protocol server (database server) to
  perform data query and update commands on the protocol server in relation to
  search crawl (content indexing) functions.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-SQLPQ%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SQLPQ]: Search Service
  Database Query Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Search Service Database Query Protocol, which is the communication sequences
  used by the protocol client (Web server and application server) to perform
  data query and update operations on the protocol server (database server) in
  relation to search query execution.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-SQLPQ2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SQLPQ2]: Search Service
  Database Query Version 2 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Search Service Database Query Protocol, which is the communication sequences
  used by the protocol client (Web server and application server) to perform
  query and logging commands on the protocol server (database server) in
  relation to search query operations.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-SRCHTP%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SRCHTP]: Search Topology
  Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Search Topology Protocol, which enables the application server and back-end
  database server to create and configure the components of a search service
  application.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-SSDPS%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SSDPS]: Secure Store
  Database Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Secure Store Database Protocol, which is an interface for protocol clients to
  store and retrieve credential and related information typically used to
  authenticate to line-of-business systems.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-SSDPS2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SSDPS2]: Secure Store
  Database Version 2 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>This document
  specifies the Secure Store Database Protocol Specification. This protocol
  specifies an interface for protocol clients to store and retrieve credential
  and related information typically used to authenticate to line-of-business
  (LOB) systems.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-SSOSP%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SSOSP]: Single Sign-On
  Database Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Single Sign-On Database Protocol, which enables a user to securely create,
  read, update, and delete authentication credentials for line-of-business
  systems.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-SSPSJ%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SSPSJ]: SSP Scheduled
  Jobs Stored Procedures Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  SSP Scheduled Jobs Stored Procedures Protocol, which is a protocol that
  allows clients to add, modify, refresh, and delete scheduled jobs from a
  store on the protocol server, as well as retrieve those scheduled jobs by
  using predefined criteria such as a unique identifier or jobs scheduled to be
  run within a specified interval. This protocol also specifies the actions
  that the client takes when a particular scheduled job is retrieved and is to
  be executed in the next specified interval.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-SSPSOS%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SSPSOS]: SQL
  Configuration Object Stored Procedures Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  SQL Configuration Object Stored Procedures Protocol, which is a client-server
  protocol for storing and retrieving configuration settings on a protocol
  server and maintaining a cache of the configuration settings on protocol
  clients.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-TSSPROC%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-TSSPROC]: Translation
  Services Stored Procedures Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Translation Services Stored Procedures Protocol. This protocol allows
  protocol clients to store and retrieve information about machine-translating
  documents from one language to another.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UPASP%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPASP]: User Profile
  Admin Stored Procedures Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  User Profile Admin Stored Procedures Protocol, which enables the protocol
  client to interact with partitions in the user profile store.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UPASP2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPASP2]: User Profile
  Admin Stored Procedures Version 2 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>This document
  specifies User Profile Admin Stored Procedure Protocol Specification (UPASP).
  This protocol provides a way for the protocol client to interact with
  dedicated tenant-specific areas, called partitions, within a database that
  resides on the protocol server and contains properties that pertain to
  specific persons or entities.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UPIESP%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPIESP]: User Profile
  Import and Export Stored Procedures Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  User Profile Import and Export Stored Procedures Protocol, which is used to
  import and export user profile and member group data to and from the user
  profile store.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UPIESP2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPIESP2]: User Profile
  Import and Export Stored Procedures Version 2 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  User Profile Import and Export Stored Procedures Protocol, which is used to
  import and export information about users and member groups.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UPSAUD%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPSAUD]: User Profile
  Service Audiences Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  User Profile Service Audiences Protocol. This protocol provides information
  about the management of sets of users, or audiences, that allow protocol
  clients to target content to users based upon selected criteria about the
  users.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UPSAUD2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPSAUD2]: User Profile
  Service Audiences Version 2 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  User Profile Service Audiences Protocol, which enables protocol clients to
  manage sets of users (audiences) from a store on the protocol server.
  Audiences allow protocol clients to target content to users based on selected
  criteria about the users.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UPSAUD3%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPSAUD3]: User Profile
  Service Audiences Version 3 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>This document
  specifies the User Profile Service Audiences protocol. This protocol covers
  management of sets of users (audiences) stored in the protocol server store.
  Audiences allow protocol clients to target content to users based upon
  selected criteria about the users. For example, an audience could include
  users who are members of a specific server group, users who are in a specific
  organizational reporting structure, or users whose public properties have
  certain values.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UPSCHNG%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPSCHNG]: User Profile
  Change Log Stored Procedure Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  User Profile Change Log Stored Procedure Protocol, which allows clients to
  add, or delete user profile change entries from a log on the protocol server,
  as well as retrieve these entries by using pre-defined criteria such as
  change entries which have happened after a specified time or have happened to
  a specified user.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UPSCHNG2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPSCHNG2]: User Profile
  Change Log Stored Procedure Version 2 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  User Profile Change Log Stored Procedure Protocol. This protocol allows
  clients to add or delete user profile change events from a log on the
  protocol server and to retrieve those user profile change events using
  pre-defined criteria such as events that have happened after a specified time
  or with a specific user.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UPSCHNG3%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPSCHNG3]: User Profile
  Change Log Stored Procedure Version 3 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>This document
  provides specific details of the User Profile Change Log Stored Procedure
  protocol. This protocol allows multiple ways for the protocol client to
  interact with the user profile change events on the protocol server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UPSCSP%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPSCSP]: User Profile
  Service Application Caching Stored Procedures Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  User Profile Service Application Caching Stored Procedures Protocol to
  retrieve the user information stored in a user profile store on a site.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UPSCSP2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPSCSP2]: User Profile
  Service Application Caching Stored Procedures Version 2 Protocol
  Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>This document
  specifies the User Profile Service Application Caching Stored Procedures
  Protocol. This protocol enables a protocol client to retrieve the user
  information stored in a user profile store on a site.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UPSGRAD%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPSGRAD]: User Profile
  Service Push Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  User Profile Service Push Protocol, which allows one user profile service to
  push updates to another user profile service.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UPSIMP%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPSIMP]: User Profile
  Import Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  User Profile Import Protocol, which enables the protocol client to import
  user profiles, member groups, and memberships from directory services into
  the protocol server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UPSPROF%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPSPROF]: User Profile
  Stored Procedures Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  User Profile Stored Procedures Protocol, which allows clients to perform
  create, read, update, and delete operations on user information stored in the
  user profile store.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UPSPROF2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPSPROF2]: User Profile
  Stored Procedures Version 2 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  User Profile Service Stored Procedure protocol. This protocol allows clients
  to perform create, read, update and delete operations on user information
  stored in a user profile store on a site.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UPSPROF3%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPSPROF3]: User Profile
  Stored Procedures Version 3 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>This document
  provides specific details of the User Profile Stored Procedures protocol.
  This protocol allows clients to perform create, read, update and delete
  operations on user information stored in a user profile store on a site.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UPSRCHSP%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPSRCHSP]: User Profile
  Search Stored Procedures Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  User Profile Search Stored Procedure protocol. This protocol enables a
  protocol client to search for different types of profiles (including user,
  organization, member group, and audience) based on search terms.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UPSRCHSP2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPSRCHSP2]: User Profile
  Search Stored Procedures Version 2 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>This document
  specifies the User Profile Search Stored Procedures protocol. This protocol
  enables a protocol client to search for different types of profiles (such as
  user profiles) based on search terms. A typical scenario for using this
  protocol is to search for one or more profiles to grant access to associated
  objects in the system.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UPSSDSP%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPSSDSP]: User Profile
  Social Data Stored Procedures Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  User Profile Social Data Stored Procedure protocol, to allow create, read,
  update and delete operations on social metadata stored in a social data store
  on a site.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UPSSDSP2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPSSDSP2]: User Profile
  Social Data Stored Procedures Version 2 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  User Profile Social Data Stored Procedure Protocol. This protocol allows
  clients to perform create, read, update, and delete operations on social
  metadata stored in a social data store on a site.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UPSSYNC%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPSSYNC]: User Profile
  Synchronization Stored Procedures Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  User Profile Synchronization Stored Procedures Protocol, which is the
  communication between a protocol client and the user profile store (protocol
  server) for the purpose of synchronizing data between security principals and
  user profiles.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UPSSYNC2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPSSYNC2]: User Profile Synchronization
  Stored Procedures Version 2 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  User Profile Stored Procedures Version 2 protocol, which provides
  bi-directional synchronization for distributing and centralizing data across
  multiple Web sites during deployment.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UPSSYNC3%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPSSYNC3]: User Profile
  Synchronization Stored Procedures Version 3 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>This document
  specifies the User Profile Synchronization Stored Procedures, a protocol for
  bi-directional synchronization to: Distribute centralized data about people
  such that it is available at each Web site. Acquire distributed data about
  what content people own across multiple Web sites and centralize it.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UTSP%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UTSP]: SharePoint Usage
  Tracking Stored Procedures Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  SharePoint Usage Tracking Stored Procedures Protocol, which supports the
  collection and storage of usage and diagnostic data. This protocol can be
  used for reporting and analyzing the collected data, and can also be extended
  to store additional types of data.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-UTSP2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UTSP2]: SharePoint Usage
  Tracking Stored Procedures Version 2 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>This document
  specifies the SharePoint Usage Tracking Stored Procedures Protocol, which
  supports the collection, storage, and reporting of usage and diagnostic data.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-WORDSSP%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WORDSSP]: Word Automation
  Services Stored Procedures Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Word Automation Services Stored Procedures Protocol, which allows clients to
  store information on the server about converting documents from one file
  format to another.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-WORDSSP2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WORDSSP2]: Word
  Automation Services Stored Procedures Version 2 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>This document
  specifies the Word Services Stored Procedures Protocol. This protocol allows
  clients to store on the server information about converting documents from
  one file format to another.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-WSSCADM%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WSSCADM]: Windows
  SharePoint Services Content Database Administrative Communications Protocol
  Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Windows SharePoint Services Content Database Administrative Communications
  Protocol. This protocol specifies the communication sequences used by
  front-end Web servers and application servers to perform administrative
  operations on a back-end database server related to content databases. This
  protocol also specifies Recycle Bin, quota, database integrity and
  maintenance, and auditing operations.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-WSSCADM2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WSSCADM2]: Windows
  SharePoint Services Content Database Administrative Communications Version 2
  Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Windows SharePoint Services Content Database Administrative Communications
  Protocol. This protocol specifies the communication sequences used by
  front-end Web servers and application servers to perform administrative
  operations on a back-end database server related to content databases. This
  protocol also specifies Recycle Bin, quota, database integrity and
  maintenance, and auditing operations.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-WSSCADM3%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WSSCADM3]: Windows
  SharePoint Services Content Database Administrative Communications Version 3
  Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>The Windows
  SharePoint Services Content Database Administrative Communications protocol
  specifies the communication sequences used by front-end Web servers and
  application servers to perform administrative operations on a back-end
  database server related to content databases. This includes quota, recycle
  bin, security, database integrity and maintenance, auditing and query
  operations.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-WSSCCSP%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WSSCCSP]: Windows
  SharePoint Services: Content Database Core List Schema and Site Provisioning
  Communications Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Windows SharePoint Services: Content Database Core List Schema and Site
  Provisioning Communications Protocol, which is the communication between the
  front-end Web server and the back-end database server used to satisfy requests
  involving list schema management and site provisioning within Windows
  SharePoint Services. This client-to-server protocol uses the Tabular Data
  Stream protocol as its transport between the front-end Web server, acting as
  a client, and the back-end database server, acting as a server.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-WSSCCSP2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WSSCCSP2]: Windows
  SharePoint Services: Content Database Core List Schema and Site Provisioning
  Communications Version 2 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Windows SharePoint Services: Content Database Core List Schema and Site
  Provisioning Communications Version 2 Protocol, which allows Web and
  application servers to perform data query and update commands on database
  servers.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-WSSCCSP3%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WSSCCSP3]: Windows
  SharePoint Services: Content Database Core List Schema and Site Provisioning
  Communications Version 3 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Windows SharePoint Services: Content Database Core List Schema and Site
  Provisioning Communications Protocol that allows web and application servers
  to perform data query and update commands on database servers.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-WSSCFGD%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WSSCFGD]: Windows
  SharePoint Services: Configuration Database Communications Protocol
  Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Windows SharePoint Services: Configuration Database Communications Protocol,
  which is the communications between a computer or set of computers running
  one or more services and a back-end database server in which the
  configuration data for the services are stored. The clients of this protocol
  are computers running services. The protocol server is a device holding the
  configuration data in the configuration database.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-WSSCFGD2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WSSCFGD2]: Windows
  SharePoint Services: Configuration Database Communications Version 2 Protocol
  Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Windows SharePoint Services: Configuration Database Communications Protocol.
  This protocol specifies the communications that are used by one or more
  protocol clients to share configuration settings.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-WSSCFGD3%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WSSCFGD3]: Windows
  SharePoint Services Configuration Database Communications Version 3 Protocol
  Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Windows SharePoint Services: Configuration Database Communications Protocol
  that provides the communications needed for one or more clients to share
  configuration settings by storing those settings in a central location.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-WSSDLIM%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WSSDLIM]: Windows
  SharePoint Services: Content Database Document and List Item Management
  Communications Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Windows SharePoint Services: Content Database Document and List Item
  Management Communications Protocol, which is the communication sequences used
  by front-end Web servers and application servers to perform data query and
  update commands on back-end database servers as part of theme, change log,
  list, document, and list item operations.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-WSSDLIM2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WSSDLIM2]: Windows
  SharePoint Services: Content Database Document and List Item Management
  Communications Version 2 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Windows SharePoint Services: Content Database Document and List Item
  Management Communications Version 2 Protocol that describes the communication
  sequences used by the front-end Web server and application servers to perform
  data query and update commands on back-end database servers as part of
  document and list item management operations.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-WSSDLIM3%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WSSDLIM3]: Windows
  SharePoint Services: Content Database Document and List Item Management
  Communications Version 3 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Document and
  List Item Management Communications Version 3 Protocol, which specifies the
  communication sequences used by the front-end Web server and application
  servers to perform data query and update commands on back-end database
  servers as part of document and list item management operations</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-WSSDM%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WSSDM]: Windows
  SharePoint Services: Content Database Data Migration Communications Protocol
  Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Windows SharePoint Services: Content Database Data Migration Communications
  Protocol, which is the communication sequences used by front-end Web servers
  and back-end database servers to perform data migration operations.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-WSSDM2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WSSDM2]: Windows
  SharePoint Services: Content Database Data Migration Communications Version 2
  Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Windows SharePoint Services: Content Database Data Migration Communications
  protocol APIs used by a front-end Web server to retrieve objects and their
  meta information from the back-end database servers to do data migration. It
  also provides helper APIs to be used in conjunction with other protocols to
  import data objects into back-end database servers.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-WSSDM3%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WSSDM3]: Windows
  SharePoint Services: Content Database Data Migration Communications Version 3
  Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>The Windows®
  SharePoint® Services: Content Database Data Migration Communications protocol
  specifies the APIs used by a front-end Web server to retrieve objects and
  their meta information from the back-end database servers to do data
  migration. It also provides helper APIs to be used in conjunction with other
  protocols to import data objects into back-end database servers.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-WSSEUX%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WSSEUX]: Windows
  SharePoint Services: Content Database End-User Experience Communications
  Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Windows SharePoint Services: Content Database End-User Experience
  Communications Protocol, which is the front-end Web server to back-end
  database server communication protocol used for managing alerts, e-mail
  enabled lists, the HTML transform service, document copying, meeting
  workspaces, site navigation structure, the SharePoint tree view, and Web
  discussions.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-WSSEUX2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WSSEUX2]: Windows
  SharePoint Services: Content Database End-User Experience Communications
  Version 2 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Windows SharePoint Services: Content Database End-User Experience
  Communications Version 2 Protocol. This protocol specifies communications
  between servers that support various end-user experiences such as online
  discussions, meeting arrangements, Web site navigation, and alerts about
  changed data.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-WSSEUX3%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WSSEUX3]: Windows
  SharePoint Services: Content Database End-User Experience Communications
  Version 3 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>This document
  specifies the Windows SharePoint Services: Content Database End-User
  Experience Communications Version 2 Protocol. This protocol specifies
  communications between servers that support various end-user experiences,
  such as online discussions, meeting arrangements, Web-site navigation, and
  alerts about changed data.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-WSSPROG%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WSSPROG]: Windows
  SharePoint Services: Content Database Communications Programmability
  Extensions</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Windows SharePoint Services: Content Database Communications Programmability
  Extensions, which is the communication sequences used by a protocol client to
  perform data query and update operations on a protocol server in relation to
  Web Part, event receiver, workflow, and work item data.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-WSSPROG2%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WSSPROG2]: Windows
  SharePoint Services: Content Database Programmability Extensions
  Communications Version 2 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Windows SharePoint Services: Content Database Programmability Extensions
  Communications Protocol, which is the communication sequences used by a
  protocol client to perform data query and update operations on a protocol
  server in relation to Web Part, event receiver, workflow, and work item data.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://download.microsoft.com/download/5/0/1/501ED102-E53F-4CE0-AA6B-B0F93629DDC6/SharePoint/%5bMS-WSSPROG3%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WSSPROG3]: Windows
  SharePoint Services Content Database Programmability Extensions
  Communications Version 3 Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the
  Windows SharePoint Services: Content Database Programmability Extensions
  Communications Protocol. This protocol specifies the communication sequences
  used by a protocol client to perform data query and update operations on a
  protocol server in relation to Web Part, event receiver, workflow, and work
  item data.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p> </p>

<p><a id="EndOfDocument_ST"></a><code> </code></p>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>