<html dir="LTR" xmlns:mshelp="http://msdn.microsoft.com/mshelp" xmlns:ddue="http://ddue.schemas.microsoft.com/authoring/2003/5" xmlns:xlink="http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink" xmlns:tool="http://www.microsoft.com/tooltip">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; CHARSET=utf-8"></meta>
        <meta name="save" content="history"></meta>
        <title>Windows Archive</title>
        <xml>
            <mshelp:toctitle title="Windows Archive"></mshelp:toctitle>
            <mshelp:rltitle title="Windows Archive"></mshelp:rltitle>
            <mshelp:keyword index="A" term="c5ba7457-d9b8-42cf-89f7-d5146f1bcaf2"></mshelp:keyword>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.ContentType" value="open specification"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="AssetID" value="c5ba7457-d9b8-42cf-89f7-d5146f1bcaf2"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="TopicType" value="kbRef"></mshelp:attr>
            <mshelp:attr name="DCSext.Title" value="Windows Archive" />
        </xml>
    </head>
    <body>
        <div id="header">
            <h1 class="heading">Windows Archive</h1>
        </div>
        <div id="mainSection">
            <div id="mainBody">
                <div id="allHistory" class="saveHistory"></div>
                <div id="sectionSection0" class="section" name="collapseableSection">
                    <p>The following table describes and provides links to archived
copies of documents that were previously published under the <mshelp:link keywords="92b33e19-6fff-496b-86c3-d168206f9845" tabindex="0">Protocol
— Windows</mshelp:link> section of the Open Specifications Library. These documents are
here for your convenience only. It is recommended that you not rely on these
documents. To the extent that you incur additional development obligations or
any other costs as a result of relying on these archived documents, you do so
at your own risk.</p>

<p> </p>

<table>
 <thead>
  <tr>
   <th>
   <p>Specification</p>
   </th>
   <th>
   <p>Description</p>
   </th>
  </tr>
 </thead>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMC-DKSP%5d.pdf"><span>[MC-DKSP]: Distributed Routing Table Derived Key
  Security Profile</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Distributed Routing Table Derived Key
  Security Profile protocol, which defines a set of data structures and
  encryption schemes for authenticating keys and securing communication between
  nodes executing the [MC-DRT]: Distributed Routing Table Protocol. This
  document is no longer part of the document set.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMC-IISIAQ%5d.pdf"><span>[MC-IISIAQ]: Internet Information Services (IIS) IAQ
  Admin RPC Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Internet Information Services (IIS)
  Application Host COM Protocol, which provides read/write access to
  configuration data that is located on a remote server. This document is no
  longer part of the document set.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMC-MQDSRP%5d.pdf"><span>[MC-MQDSRP]: Message Queuing (MSMQ): Directory Service
  Replication Protocol</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Message Queuing (MSMQ): Directory
  Service Replication Protocol, which defines a mechanism that is used by the
  MSMQ Directory Service to synchronize changes to directory objects between
  MSMQ Directory Service servers. This document is no longer part of the
  document set.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-ADMS%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-ADMS]: Shared Abstract Data Model Elements</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>A companion reference to the protocol specifications
  that documents the public abstract data model elements that are shared
  between two or more protocols in the protocol documentation set. This
  document contains outdated material.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-ADSO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-ADSO]: Active Directory System Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Describes the relationships of the protocols that make
  up the client-server behavior of the Active Directory System. It describes
  the intended client-server functionality of the Active Directory System and
  how the protocols in this system interact. The system overviews are replaced
  by newer overviews.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-ASPSS%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-ASPSS]: ASP.NET State Service Database
  Repository Communications Protocol</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the ASP.NET State Service Database
  Repository Communications Protocol, which defines an interface for clients to
  store and retrieve serialized session data. This document is no longer part
  of the document set.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-AUTHSO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-AUTHSO]: Windows Authentication Services System
  Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Describes a representative sample of authentication
  tasks that use the Windows Authentication Services System. Tasks described in
  this document incorporate protocols that in turn use authentication
  protocols, which include Interactive Domain Logon, Internet Web Access with
  HTTP, file services with SMB [MS-SMB] [MS-SMB2], and remote operations with
  RPC [MS-RPCE]. Negotiate [MS-SPNG], Kerberos [MS-KILE], NTLM [MS-NLMP], and
  APDS [MS-APDS] are some of the protocols that may be employed during
  authentication tasks. The system overviews are replaced by newer overviews.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-AXDS%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-AXDS]: Auxiliary Display Protocol</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Auxiliary Display Protocol (AXDS), a
  command-based packet system that provides a standard method for transferring
  data between Auxiliary Display Protocol-compatible devices and PC hosts. This
  document is no longer part of the document set.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-CAESO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-CAESO]: Certificate Autoenrollment System
  Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Describes the functionality of autoenrollment and how
  it uses certificate enrollment protocols. It provides examples of some of the
  common usage scenarios. It does not restate the processing rules and other
  details that are specific for each protocol. These details are described in
  the protocol specifications for each of the protocols and data structures
  that this task uses. The system overviews are replaced by newer overviews.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-CASO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-CASO]: Certification Authority System Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides a system overview of the protocols in the
  Microsoft Certification Authority (CA) system. The CA system uses public key
  cryptography to issue certificates that can be used for a variety of purposes
  including encryption and authentication. This document describes the intended
  functionality of the CA system and how the protocols in this system interact.
  It provides examples of some of the common usage scenarios. The system
  overviews are replaced by newer overviews.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-CCEIP%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-CCEIP]: Corporate Customer Experience
  Improvement Program Client-to-Server Protocol</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Corporate Customer Experience
  Improvement Program Client-to-Server Protocol. When implemented, data
  generated on a set of client machines participating in the Customer
  Experience Improvement Program may be redirected to the CEIP service through
  a CEIP server. This document is replaced by [MS-SQMCS].</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-CCRSO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-CCRSO]: Content Caching and Retrieval System
  Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Describes the Windows Content Caching and Retrieval
  System. It includes a description of the protocols, data structures, and
  mechanisms (such as security) required to enable a system of content caching
  and retrieval to interoperate with Windows systems that use the feature known
  as BranchCache™. The system overviews are replaced by newer overviews.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-CSSO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-CSSO]: Collaboration Services System Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Describes two sets of logical procedures (Defined
  Tasks) used when Collaboration Clients locate each other on a network using
  the directory services provided by an Internet Locator Service (ILS) server.
  These Tasks involve a set of protocols for locating potential collaborative
  partners. Collaboration itself is performed through instances of the
  NetMeeting application. These Tasks require communication between the
  NetMeeting client and the ILS server to enable NetMeeting clients to discover
  other NetMeeting clients available on the server. This document describes the
  intended functionality of the Collaboration Services Tasks and how the
  protocols in this system interact. It provides examples of some of the common
  user scenarios. The system overviews are replaced by newer overviews.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-DISO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-DISO]: Domain Interactions System Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Microsoft Windows networks are often configured with a
  domain controller providing centralized storage of accounts and
  administration of many computers. Many network-related operations depend on
  domains in order to complete various tasks. The Domain Interactions System
  includes the most common domain interaction tasks, such as locating a domain
  controller, joining a domain, and removing a domain member. This document
  specifies how the protocols that comprise the offerings from Microsoft are
  used together to maintain a relationship with the domain. This includes
  protocols that are used to communicate with a domain controller and maintain
  state, protocols that are used to augment authentication and authorization
  actions, and protocols that are used to interact with domain controllers. The
  system overviews are replaced by newer overviews.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-FSSO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-FSSO]: File Access Services System Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Describes the intended functionality of the File
  Access Services System, how it interacts with systems and applications that
  need file services, and how it interacts with administrative clients to
  configure and manage the system. File Access Services uses multiple protocols
  for file access and file server administration. This document lists those
  protocols and describes how they are used to implement the File Access
  Services System. The system overviews are replaced by newer overviews.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-GPSO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-GPSO]: Group Policy System Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Describes how the protocols in the Group Policy System
  work together to support this functionality. It describes how this system
  interacts with the administrative tools used to define and apply policy
  settings, the data stores where the policy settings are stored, and the
  various client-side and server-side components that extend the policy
  application and policy administration functionality of the system. The system
  overviews are replaced by newer overviews.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-IKEY%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-IKEY]: Key Service Remote (IKeySvcR) Protocol
  Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Key Service Remote (IKeySvcR) Protocol,
  which describes a set of RPC interfaces that enable clients to install
  cryptographic keys and their associated X.509 certificates on a remote
  server. This document specifies a protocol that was implemented but never
  used.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-ISTD%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-ISTD]: iSCSI Software Target Discovery Protocol</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the iSCSI Software Target Discovery
  Protocol, which is used to discover iSCSI Software Targets running on a
  network. iSCSI Software Targets can service requests for block-level storage.
  This document is no longer part of the document set.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-ISTM%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-ISTM]: iSCSI Software Target Management Protocol</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the iSCSI Software Target Management
  Protocol, which can set up virtual disks, iSCSI targets and portals,
  configure iSNS hosting, schedule snapshots, and manage resource groups in a
  high-availability (HA) cluster. This document is no longer part of the
  document set.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-MGSO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-MGSO]: Multiplayer Games System Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>The Multiplayer Games System is designed to transport
  game and user data to support multiplayer gaming scenarios. The protocols in
  this system provide game session management as well as functionality for
  controlling options for sending data and voice. Control options for data
  include reliability, guaranteeing data delivery sequencing, and coalescence
  of packets. The DirectPlay System also provides functions for using network
  address translation (NAT). The system overviews are replaced by newer
  overviews.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-MQSO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-MQSO]: Message Queuing System Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides a system overview of the protocols in the
  Message Queuing system. The Message Queuing (MSMQ) system is a communications
  service that enables reliable and secure asynchronous messaging between
  applications over a variety of deployment topologies. This document describes
  the intended functionality of the Message Queuing system and how the
  protocols in this system interact. It provides examples of some of the common
  usage scenarios. The system overviews are replaced by newer overviews.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-MSSO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-MSSO]: Media Streaming Server System Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Describes the intended functionality of the Media
  Streaming Server System and how it interacts with systems or applications
  that need to stream media. A streaming media system is designed to distribute
  digital media content from an encoder or a capture application to a media
  server, and finally, to a media player for rendering or playback of that
  content. The Media Streaming Server System protocols are a series of
  protocols designed to achieve that task. The system overviews are replaced by
  newer overviews.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-NAPSO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-NAPSO]: Network Policy and Access Services
  System Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Describes a series of tasks required to allow NAP
  Clients to gain access to a NAP-protected network; also describes how various
  components work together to aid in ensuring the health and protection of
  networked systems. The system overviews are replaced by newer overviews.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-ODASM%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-ODASM]: Open Data (OData) Server Management
  Protocol Extensions</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>This document specifies the Open Data (OData)
  Extensions for Server Management, which extend the Open Data (OData) Protocol
  [MS-ODATA] by defining specific resources that allow a client to send
  pipelines of commands to a server system over a network for execution by the
  server. OData Extensions for Server Management also specify limits on certain
  OData Protocol concepts that are more stringent than the limits specified by
  the OData Protocol itself. This document is no longer part of the document
  set.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-P2PPI%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-P2PPI]: Peer-to-Peer Presence and Invitation
  Protocol</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Peer-to-Peer Presence and Invitation
  Protocol, which facilitates session initiation between two peered computers.
  This document is no longer part of the document set.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-PNM%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-PNM]: People Near Me (PNM) Protocol</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the People Near Me (PNM) Protocol, which
  describes the protocol for broadcasting and retrieving information concerning
  the presence or absence of a client on subnet. This document is no longer
  part of the document set.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-PROTO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-PROTO]: Windows Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Describes the technical relationships among certain
  sets of protocols. This document is intended to be used together with the
  system overview and reference documents, which are companion documents to the
  protocol specifications. This document contains outdated material.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-PSSO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-PSSO]: Print Services System Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Describes a distributed system of print servers that
  manage printers and make them available to print clients. One or more servers
  may be used, each server independently managing one or more printers. Clients
  use the component protocols to submit print jobs, manage jobs, receive job
  notifications, and administer printer drivers and print queues. The system
  overviews are replaced by newer overviews.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-RAINPS%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-RAINPS]: Remote Administrative Interface: Network
  Policy Server (NPS) Protocol</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Remote Administrative Interface: Network
  Policy Server (NPS) Protocol, a client-server protocol that enables local or
  remote administration of server data objects that define remote access
  policies, configuration, and operational parameters on a Network Policy
  Server (NPS). This document is no longer part of the document set.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-REMSI%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-REMSI]: Remote Media Streaming Initiation
  Protocol</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Remote Media Sharing Initiation
  Protocol. This protocol enables access of a Content Directory Service on a
  server by a client across the Internet. The protocol also includes relevant
  extensions to the UPnP Device and Service templates. This document is no
  longer part of the document set.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-RMSO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-RMSO]: Rights Management Services System
  Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Describes the intended functionality of the Rights
  Management Services System, how it interacts with systems or applications
  that create or consume rights protected content, and how it interacts with
  management clients that need to configure and manage the system. The system
  overviews are replaced by newer overviews.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-RNDIS%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-RNDIS]: Remote Network Driver Interface
  Specification (RNDIS) Protocol</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Remote Network Driver Interface
  Specification (RNDIS) Protocol. This protocol defines the communication
  between a host and network device connected over an external bus transport,
  such as USB, so that the host can obtain network connectivity through the RNDIS-compliant
  device. This document is no longer part of the document set.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-SECO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SECO]: Windows Security Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides the basic concepts of the Windows security
  model, such as identity, accounts, security identifiers (SIDs), groups,
  account domains, local domains, remote domains, domain controllers, domain
  membership, authentication concepts, and authentication protocols. It also
  provides descriptions and communication flow diagrams for NTLM, Kerberos, and
  the Simple and Protected Generic Security Service Application Program
  Interface Negotiation Mechanism (SPNEGO). Content from this document has
  moved to [MS-AZOD], [MS-AUTHSOD], and [MS-DTYP].</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-SOH%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SOH]: Statement of Health for Network Access
  Protection (NAP) Protocol Specification</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Statement of Health for Network Access Protection
  (NAP) Protocol, in which a client and a server exchange SoH and Statement of
  Health Response (SoHR) messages. This protocol, and the appropriate
  authentication protocols, helps enterprises to ensure that users of their
  network resources are authenticated and are using systems that conform to
  corporate policies. This document is now an industry standard.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-SYS%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-SYS]: Windows System Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Provides a mapping of WSPP tasks, scenarios, and
  protocols and a few implementation scenarios. This document is intended to be
  used together with the WSPP overview and reference documents, which are
  companion documents to the WSPP protocol specifications. This document
  contains outdated content.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-TERE%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-TERE]: Teredo Extensions</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the Teredo Extensions, which provides
  additional capabilities to Teredo, including support for more types of
  Network Address Translations (NATs) and for more efficient communication.
  This document is now an industry standard.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-TPSO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-TPSO]: Transaction Processing Services System
  Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Transaction processing is designed to maintain a
  computation system in a known, consistent state. It allows multiple
  individual operations to be linked together as a single, indivisible
  operation: an atomic transaction. Broadly speaking, transaction processing
  involves updating data, which may be distributed across multiple systems, so
  that either all the changes happen or none of the changes happen. The system
  overviews are replaced by newer overviews.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-TSRV%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-TSRV]: Timer Service Protocol</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>A SOAP-based protocol that supports workflow client
  applications. It allows a client to request a timer, request timer removal,
  and receive notices from a protocol server. This document specifies a
  protocol that was included in .NET 4.0 Beta1 and removed in .NET 4.0 Beta2.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-TSSO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-TSSO]: Terminal Services System Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Describes the Terminal Services System, a system that
  enables a remote client to display and interact with a desktop or application
  running on a distant server. A remote client connected to the server can use
  software and resources available to the server according to license
  restrictions. This document describes the relationship of the system of
  protocols that comprise the Terminal Services System, background information
  about the system, use cases that exercise the component protocols, abstract
  data models of system components, internal system architecture, and details
  about the communications that occur between system components. The system
  overviews are replaced by newer overviews.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-UPSCDAP%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPSCDAP]: User Profile Synchronization (UPS):
  Configuration Database Data Access Protocol</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the User Profile Synchronization (UPS):
  Configuration Database Data Access Protocol, which describes the
  communication between the UPS Configuration Service acting as a client and
  the UPS Configuration Database acting as a server. This document is no longer
  part of the document set.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-UPSDBDAP%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-UPSCDBDAP]: User Profile Synchronization (UPS):
  Database Data Access Protocol</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the User Profile Synchronization (UPS):
  Database Data Access Protocol, which describes the communication between the
  UPS Service acting as a client and the UPS Database acting as a server. This
  document is no longer part of the document set.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-WMSO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WMSO]: Windows Management Services System
  Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Windows management systems are designed to allow a
  user to monitor, troubleshoot, and conduct hardware and software inventories
  of remote computers. This document describes the intended functionality of
  the Windows Management Services System, how it interacts with applications
  that need computer management, and how it interacts with management clients
  that need to configure and manage the system. The Windows Management System
  supports multiple protocols for computer management. This document lists
  those supported protocols and how they interact in a combined system. The system
  overviews are replaced by newer overviews.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-WSO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WSO]: Windows System Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>The Windows Protocols system includes protocols
  implemented in a Microsoft Windows 2000 Professional, Windows XP, Windows
  Vista, or successor desktop operating system that are used to interoperate or
  communicate with a Microsoft Server operating system product. This document
  provides an overview of how these systems and protocols relate to each other.
  The system overviews are replaced by newer overviews.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-WSSEC%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WSSEC]: Web Services: Security Policy Assertions
  Format</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Specifies the WS-SecurityPolicy: SecurityPolicy
  Schema. This schema defines policy assertions that can be used together with
  policy assertions defined in [WSSP] to express constraints and requirements
  of Web services that cannot be expressed with only the policy assertions
  defined in [WSSP]. This document is now an industry standard.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
 <tr>
  <td>
  <p><a href="https://winprotocoldoc.blob.core.windows.net/productionwindowsarchives/WinArchive/%5bMS-WSUSO%5d.pdf"><span>[MS-WSUSO]: Windows Server Update Services System
  Overview</span></a></p>
  </td>
  <td>
  <p>Describes the intended functionality of the Windows
  Server Update Services System and how the protocols in this system interact.
  It provides examples of some of the common user scenarios. It does not
  restate the processing rules and other details that are specific for each
  protocol. These details are described in the protocol specifications for each
  of the protocols and data structures that make up this system. The system
  overviews are replaced by newer overviews.</p>
  </td>
 </tr>
</table>

<p> </p>


                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </body>
</html>